jacket saco
cardigan cárdigan
cardigan saco
cardigan saquito
t-shirt camiseta
t-shirt remera
sweater buzo
sweater pulóver
sweater suéter
windbreaker campera
overalls mameluco
overalls overol
poncho poncho
jeans jeans
jeans vaquero
jeans vaqueros
overcoat chaqueta
overcoat tapado
shawl chal
shawl chalina
shawl pashmina
pajamas piyama
pajamas pishama
skirt pollera
ribbon huincha
ribbon vincha
hood capucha
earrings aritos
earrings aros
earrings caravanas
hairnet redecilla
ring alianza
ring anillo
cufflinks gemelos
mascara rímel
suspenders tiradores
socks calcetines
socks medias
socks soquetes
slippers pantuflas
heel taco
petticoart viso
panties bombacha
brassiere corpiño
brassiere soutien
zipper cierre
clasp broche
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
shorts slip
swimsuit malla
folder carpeta
valise portafolios
bag bolso
suitcase valija
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
dishwasher lavaplatos
dishwasher lavavajilla
cupboard armario
cupboard placar
faucet canilla
sink pileta
cooker cocina
cooker hornallas
refrigerator heladera
pot cacerola
pot olla
dishcloth rejilla
dishcloth trapo
straw pajita
coaster posavasos
croissant croissant
roll miñón
roll pancito
tart torta
sandwich refuerzo
sandwich sándwich
popcorn pop
popcorn pororó
scales balanza
bucket balde
teat chupete
lighter encendedor
lighter yesquero
earphones audífonos
earphones auriculares
baffle bafles
baffle parlantes
switch botón
switch llave
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
chandelier portátil
blanket cobija
blanket frazada
blanket manta
bedspread acolchado
hanger percha
washbasin lavatorio
washbasin pileta
tank cisterna
tank mochila
bowl inodoro
bowl water
shower ducha
rose roseta
bathtub bañera
dryer secador
landing descanso
bulb lamparita
stool banco
stool banquito
stool taburete
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg palillo
peephole mirilla
peephole visor
doorknob picaporte
stroller carrito
stroller sillita
deckchair reposera
wrench llave
car auto
fender parachoques
fender paragolpe
headlight faroles
headlight luces
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
hood capó
winker señalero
lock cerradura
lock manija
lock seguro
trunk baúl
trunk valija
fender guardabarros
tire cubierta
tire rueda
wheel rueda
van camioneta
van combi
van pickup
van furgoneta
van utilitario
van van
jeep jeep
trailer trailer
bulldozer topadora
bus ómnibus
bus interdepartamental
handlebar manillar
handlebar manubrio
silencer silenciador
minibus micro
minibus van
scooter moto
scooter motoneta
scooter scooter
platform andén
rail rieles
rail vías
tie durmientes
sidewalk acera
sidewalk vereda
reception lobby
reception recepción
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
pen bolígrafo
pen lapicera
stapler engrampadora
staple grampas
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computadora
stamp estampilla
stamp sello
handle manija
slingshot honda
scooter monopatín
tent carpa
kite cometa
boat bote
lawn césped
lawn pasto
slide tobogán
bench banco
poster afiche
poster cartel
poster poster
jukebox roconola
harmonica armónica
pancake panqueque
pit carozo
packet pack
demijohn botellón
can botella
can lata
colander colador
colander espumadera
ladle cucharón
drainboard colador
turner paleta
mixer batidor
mixer batidora
knifegrinder afilador
tray bandeja
cupboard mueble
dishcloth repasador
playpen baranda
berth cucheta
basket canasto
clasp zuncho
washer lavadora
washer lavarropa
bobin bobina
bobin carretel
cushion almohadón
stool escalera
q-tips cotonete
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
attic altillo
lock pasador
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat impermeable
raincoat pilot
bolero bolero
bolero torera
sportshirt remera
smock batita
fringe flecos
mitten mitones
pochette bolsillo
cuff bajo
sandal chinelas
studs tapones
shorts boxers
shorts calzoncillos
apron delantal
lipstick labial
rollers ruleros
chalk tiza
diary agenda
diary taco
checkbook cheque
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing hamaca
marbles bolitas
leapfrog rango
dart dardo
hoop hula-hula
skateboard skate
pinwheel molinete
parachute paracaídas
frisbee platillo
boxing boxeo
goal arco
merry-go-round calesita
binoculars gemelos
binoculars prismáticos
convertible decapotable
air-bag airbag
road autopista
road carretera
road ruta
saddle asiento
bar barra
bar mostrador
can bidón
can tanque
dam represa
loudspeaker megáfono
horn bocina
toilet baño
bootblack lustrador
janitor limpiadora
directory guía
bankbook libreta
bankbook tarjeta
spray aerosol
spray spray
rotary rotonda
loudspeaker altoparlante
blind veneciana
awning toldo
battery pilas
pushcart carrito
pushcart carro
wedge cuña
check-room casillero
check-room locker
drain tapa
carrycot portabebé
number número
strecher camilla
fans aficionados
fans hinchada
fans hinchas
sting aguijón
apricot damasco
food alimento
raising subida
brook cañada
brook quebrada
murderer asesino
slap bofetada
slap cachetada
bar cafetería
puff fumada
puff pitada
waiter mozo
switchboard conmutador
pig cerdo
pig chancho
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
cooking cocinar
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
chat charla
anger bronca
anger cólera
anger rabia
cost costo
crossing cruce
crossing cruza
slope cerro
slope cuesta
slope loma
bay bahía
amusement diversión
school escuela
stay estadía
stay estancia
stay residencia
miss equivocación
miss error
miss falla
financier contador
financier financiero
bangs cerquillo
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger forastero
form formulario
rubber caucho
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty lindo
grass hierba
grass pasto
iron fierro
iron hierro
concrete concreto
concrete hormigón
hospital hospital
graduate licenciado
degree licenciatura
discount rebaja
call llamada
arrival llegada
whip látigo
teacher maestro
weeds maleza
weeds monte
spring vertiente
butter manteca
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
peach durazno
monkey mono
mosquito mosquito
jackknife navaja
jackknife sevillana
worker obrero
worker operario
chance ocasión
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
unemployment desocupación
seafront rambla
potato papa
sponsor patrocinador
toll peaje
laziness fiaca
laziness flojera
laziness pereza
apartment apartamento
banana plátano
policeman agente
policeman policía
dust polvadera
dust tolvanera
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade puntaje
grade puntuación
kerosene querosén
pickpocket ratero
raid razzia
raid redada
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing reparación
slip patinada
slip resbalón
rumor rumor
highlander serrano
hissing chiflido
hissing silbido
position ubicación
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery mordida
bribery soborno
change cambio
change sencillo
bar pub
tidbits aperitivo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store comercio
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting tiroteo
courage valor
breeze vientito
visa visa
glance vistazo
change vuelto
walk vueltita
sharp filoso
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
here acá
risky arriesgado
amazing asombroso
astute alerta
astute despierto
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin flaco
inside adentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
where ¿dónde?
angry enojado
often seguido
outside afuera
greasy grasiento
grayish grisáceo
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful hermoso
bony huesudo
weak ligero
filthy mugriento
very bastante
very bien
very muy
little nene
little pequeño
standing parado
fast rápido
next entrante
clear prolijo
clear pulcro
which ¿cuál?
which ¿qué
radiant radiante
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold resfrío
broken roto
coarse brusco
slant chueco
slant ladeado
slant torcido
arrive llegar
break romper
clear desmalezar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
dial discar
dial marcar
dismiss despedir
drench ensopado
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage estimular
encourage incentivar
escape soltarse
escape zafar
fill arreglar
gossip chimosear
gossip chismear
hurry apresurarse
hurry apurarse
impress impresionar
kill asesinar
kneel arrodillarse
lick lamer
light prender
matter disgustar
matter enojar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcar
pamper malcriar
park estacionar
postpone postergar
puff chupar
pull tirar
punch pegar
repair arreglar
return regresar
search registrar
seem suponer
shake sacudir
shoot disparar
skin cuerear
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor esponsorear
sponsor patrocinar
throw arrojar
throw tirar
tie atar
turn doblar
undress desnudarse
value avaluar
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
grind traga
truant faltador
cheat copiar
tell-tale alcahuete
tell-tale botón
flatterer adulón
flatterer chupamedias
bully buscapleitos
meek retraído
hooligans banda
hooligans insoportables
repeater repetidor
boss jefe
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired muerto
penniless jodido
penniless pelado
party fiesta
policeman cana
policeman milico
plainclothes-man tira
prison cárcel
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette cigarro
beer birra
beer chop
beer rubia
beer shop
drug falopa
drug faso
drug macoña
drug marihuana
drug merca
drug pasta
storm temporal
horns cuernos
contact acomodo
trouble lío
beating paliza
baby bebé
baby bebecita
drunken borracho
drunken mamado
beat golpear
fat obeso
tall alto
tall jirafa
short enano
short petiso
charming encantadora
charming mina
attractive churro
bad-smelling apestoso
head azotea
head coco
head mate
hair crenchas
hair pelambre
hair pelo
feet patas
feet patitas
pregnant embarazada
competent inteligente
fool abombado
fool banana
fool belinún
fool bobeta
fool burro
fool chanta
fool chorizo
fool choto
fool cretino
fool estúpido
fool gallego
fool gil
fool gilastrún
fool gilún
fool guiso
fool idiota
fool imbécil
fool nabo
fool opa
fool otario
fool papanatas
fool salame
fool tarado
fool tonto
fool vejiga
fool zanahoria
fool zapallo
coarseness grosería
foolishness barbaridad
foolishness bobada
foolishness disparate
foolishness estupidez
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness macana
foolishness pavada
spaniard gallego
informer alcahuete
informer soplón
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripazo
rich millonario
rich rico
boring inmamable
boring insoportable
boring pesado
lazy vago
lazy vagoneta
poor acabado
poor pelado
poor pobre
hello Hola.
hell! Ay.
hell! Carambolas.
bye Chau.
annoying jodida
tremendous bárbaro
tremendous estupendo
tremendous notable
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Estupendo!
great! ¡Fenomenal!
feverish afiebrado
stretcher carretillas
handle asa
pretty bonita
pretty preciosa
uproar barullo
uproar griterío
lock pestillo
cord piolín
thread enhebrar
angry disgustado
angry molesto
expel echar
fuck acostarse
fuck coger
fuck tirar
talkative charlatán
talkative conversador
talkative parlanchín
obscene degenerado
obscene obsceno
merchandise mercadería
knock-kneed chueco
knock-kneed patizambo
skin piel
presentiment pálpito
presentiment presentimiento
resin resina
quarrel pelea
delay demorar
unfortunate desgraciado
spoiled mimado
aperitif aperitivo
bar bar
broadcast transmitir
camper acampante
camper campista
coffin ataúd
coffin cajón
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intervalo
interview entrevistar
jogging footing
jogging jogging
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
peanut maní
right! ¡Correcto!
right! ¡Exacto!
scratch arañazo
scratch arañón
steal afanar
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
sweetener esplenda
thaw descongelar
thief chorro
thief ladrón
thief ratero
bother fastidiar
bother joder
bribe coimear
bribe comprar
die fallecer
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echar
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
wink guiñar
fight agarrarse
fight pelear
junk cachivaches
junk chucherías
drizzle garúa
pseudo-rifined cursi
sad afligido
sad angustiado
sad apenado
sad apesadumbrado
sad caído
sad deprimido
sad triste
sleep dormirse
vulture buitre
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
fullback zaguero
goalkeeper arquero
cheeks cachetes
