jacket chaqueta
cardigan chaqueta
cardigan rebeca
t-shirt camiseta
sweater jersey
sweater sudadera
sweater suéter
windbreaker abrigo
windbreaker anorak
windbreaker cazadora
windbreaker chupa
overalls mono
overalls peto
poncho poncho
jeans tejanos
jeans vaquero
jeans vaqueros
overcoat abrigo
overcoat chaquetón
shawl chal
shawl pañuelo
shawl pashmina
pajamas pijama
ribbon cinta
ribbon diadema
hood capucha
earrings pendientes
hairnet red
hairnet redecilla
ring anillo
ring sortija
cufflinks gemelos
mascara máscara
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetines
slippers pantuflas
slippers zapatillas
heel tacón
underskirt combinación
underskirt forro
petticoart combinación
petticoart forro
panties bragas
brassiere sujetador
zipper bragueta
zipper cremallera
clasp botón
clasp broche
glasses gafas
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
swimsuit bañador
folder carpeta
valise cartera
valise maletín
valise portadocumentos
bag bolsa
bag bolso
suitcase maleta
handbag bolso
rucksack mochila
dishwasher friegaplatos
dishwasher lavaplatos
dishwasher lavavajillas
cupboard armario
faucet grifo
faucet llave
sink fregadero
sink pila
cooker cocina
cooker placa
refrigerator frigorífico
refrigerator nevera
pot cacerola
pot caldero
pot cazuela
pot olla
dishcloth estropajo
dishcloth paño
dishcloth trapito
dishcloth trapo
straw pajita
coaster posavasos
croissant croissant
roll bollo
roll miñón
roll pancito
tart pastel
tart tarta
sandwich bocadillo
sandwich bocata
sandwich medianoche
sandwich sándwich
popcorn palomitas
scales balanza
scales báscula
scales pesa
scales peso
bucket cubo
teat tetina
lighter encendedor
lighter mechero
earphones auriculares
earphones cascos
baffle altavoces
baffle bafles
switch botón
switch interruptor
switch luz
radio radio
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
chandelier lamparita
blanket cobertor
blanket manta
bedspread colcha
bedspread edredón
hanger percha
hanger perchero
washbasin lavabo
tank cisterna
bowl inodoro
bowl retrete
bowl taza
bowl water
shower ducha
rose alcachofa
rose ducha
bathtub bañera
dryer secador
landing descansillo
landing rellano
bulb bombilla
stool banqueta
stool taburete
glass cristal
glass luna
match cerilla
match fósforo
peg pinza
peephole mirilla
doorknob manilla
doorknob picaporte
doorknob pomo
doorknob tirador
stroller carrito
stroller sillita
deckchair hamaca
deckchair tumbona
wrench llave
car coche
fender guardabarros
fender parachoques
headlight faros
headlight luces
windsreen luna
windsreen parabrisas
hood capó
winker intermitente
lock cerradura
lock seguro
trunk maletero
tire cubierta
tire llanta
tire neumático
wheel neumático
wheel rueda
van camioneta
van furgoneta
jeep todoterreno
trailer caravana
bulldozer excavadora
bus autobús
bus bus
bus autocar
handlebar manillar
minibus microbús
minibus minibús
scooter ciclomotor
scooter scooter
scooter vespa
scooter vespino
platform andén
rail carriles
rail raíles
rail vías
tie travesaños
tie traviesas
sidewalk acera
sidewalk calzada
reception recepción
stewardess azafata
bill billete
bill ticket
pen pluma
stapler grapadora
staple grapas
blackboard pizarra
paperweight pisapapeles
computer Mac
computer ordenador
computer P.C.
stamp sello
handle asa
handle mango
slingshot tirachinas
scooter monopatín
scooter patín
scooter patinete
kite cometa
boat barca
lawn césped
lawn hierba
slide tobogán
bench banco
bench banquillo
poster anuncio
poster cartel
poster letrero
poster poster
jukebox gramola
jukebox rocola
harmonica armónica
pancake crep
pit hueso
packet pack
demijohn bidón
demijohn botella
demijohn garrafa
demijohn garrafón
cap chapa
cap corcho
can bote
can lata
ladle cucharón
drainboard colador
turner espátula
mixer barillas
mixer batidora
filter filtro
knifegrinder afilador
tray bandeja
cupboard vitrina
playpen barrotes
berth litera
basket cesta
clasp abrazadera
washer lavadora
bobin bobina
needle agujas
cushion cojín
stool escalera
plaster tirita
sling cabestrillo
sling pañuelo
attic ático
lock cerrojo
lock pestillo
toothbrush cepillo
wardrobe armario
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat capa
raincoat chubasquero
raincoat impermeable
bolero bolerito
bolero bolero
bolero chaqueta
bolero chaquetilla
bolero chaquetita
bolero torera
sportshirt camiseta
sportshirt niki
sportshirt polo
smock babi
fringe flecos
mitten manoplas
pochette riñonera
cuff bajo
cuff dobladillo
sandal chanclas
sandal chancletas
sandal sandalias
studs tacos
shorts boxer
shorts calzoncillos
shorts slip
apron mandil
lipstick pintalabios
rollers rulos
chalk tiza
diary agenda
block bloc
block cuadernillo
block cuaderno
block libreta
pad bloc
pad libreta
checkbook chequera
checkbook talonario
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles canicas
leapfrog burro
dart dardo
hoop aro
hoop hula-hoop
skipping comba
skipping cuerda
skateboard monopatín
skateboard patín
skateboard skate
megaphone megáfono
pinwheel molinillo
parachute paracaídas
frisbee disco
frisbee frisbee
boxing boxeo
goal portería
merry-go-round carrusel
merry-go-round tiovivo
binoculars prismáticos
convertible deportivo
convertible descapotable
air-bag airbag
road autopista
road carretera
saddle sillín
bar barra
bar mostrador
can barril
can bidón
dam dique
loudspeaker amplificador
horn bocina
horn pito
toilet baño
toilet servicio
bootblack limpiabotas
janitor barrendera
janitor barrendero
janitor limpiadora
directory guía
bankbook cartilla
bankbook libreta
spray pulverizador
spray spray
rotary glorieta
rotary rotonda
toothpaste dentífrico
toothpaste pasta
loudspeaker altavoces
loudspeaker altavoz
awning carpa
awning toldo
tripod trípode
battery pilas
pushcart carrito
pushcart carro
wedge calzador
wedge cuña
wedge taco
wedge tope
check-room consigna
check-room taquilla
drain alcantarilla
carrycot mochila
carrycot portabebé
number dorsal
strecher camilla
fans aficionados
fans espectadores
fans forofos
fans hinchas
fans público
fans seguidores
sting aguijón
apricot albaricoque
food alimento
raising levantamiento
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
be be
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
slap cachete
slap galleta
slap guantazo
slap hostia
slap sopapo
slap torta
slap tortazo
bar bar
bar café
bar cafetería
puff calada
puff chupada
waiter camarero
switchboard centralita
pig cerdo
pig cochino
pig marrano
pig puerco
resignation baja
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
cooking hervor
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
anger coraje
anger rabia
cost coste
cost costo
cost precios
crossing cruce
crossing mezcla
slope cerro
slope cuesta
slope pendiente
slope subida
bay bahía
bay cala
amusement distracción
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
amusement pasatiempo
school cole
school colegio
school escuela
stay estancia
miss equivocación
miss error
miss fallo
financier administrador
financier asesor
financier gestor
bangs flequillo
plumber fontanero
stranger extranjero
stranger forastero
stranger guiri
form cuestionario
form ficha
form formulario
form impreso
form modelo
form planilla
form solicitud
rubber resina
rubber savia
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty hermosura
grass césped
grass hierba
grass hierbajos
grass maleza
iron hierro
concrete cemento
concrete hormigón
hospital hospital
graduate diplomado
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate titulado
degree carrera
degree diplomatura
degree doctorado
degree grado
degree licenciatura
degree título
discount descuento
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount promoción
discount rebaja
discount remate
discount saldo
call llamada
call telefonazo
arrival llegada
whip látigo
teacher maestro
weeds arbustos
weeds follaje
weeds hierbajos
weeds maleza
weeds matorral
weeds rastrojo
spring fuente
spring manantial
spring vertiente
butter mantequilla
block manzana
cheek mejillas
cheek mofletes
cheek pómulos
peach melocotón
monkey chimpancé
monkey macaco
monkey mono
monkey simio
mosquito mosquito
jackknife navaja
worker jornalero
worker obrero
worker operario
chance chance
chance ocasión
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
unemployment paro
seafront paseo
potato patata
sponsor patrocinador
toll peaje
laziness desidia
laziness pereza
laziness vagancia
apartment apartamento
apartment piso
banana banana
banana plátano
policeman agente
policeman guardia
policeman policía
dust polvareda
dust polvo
spokesman delegado
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
grade calificación
grade nota
grade puntuación
grade resultado
kerosene queroseno
pickpocket caco
pickpocket carterista
pickpocket ladrón
pickpocket ladronzuelo
pickpocket ratero
raid arresto
raid operación
raid redada
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing reparación
slip patinazo
slip resbalón
slip tropezón
rumor bola
rumor bulos
rumor chisme
rumor cotilleos
rumor habladuría
rumor rumor
highlander serrano
hissing pitido
hissing silbido
position enclave
position lugar
position situación
position ubicación
arrogance altivez
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance chulería
arrogance orgullo
arrogance pedantería
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery chanchullo
bribery fraude
bribery soborno
change calderilla
change monedas
change suelto
bar cantina
bar cervecería
bar pub
bar taberna
tidbits aperitivo
tidbits canapés
tidbits picoteo
tidbits piscolabis
tidbits tapa
tidbits tapita
tidbits tentempié
earthquake sacudida
earthquake seísmo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store comercio
store negocio
store tienda
shooting tiros
shooting tiroteo
courage arrojo
courage coraje
courage huevos
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientecillo
breeze vientecito
breeze vientico
visa visa
visa visado
glance mirada
glance miradita
glance ojeada
glance ojo
glance vistazo
change cambio
change vuelta
walk vueltecilla
walk vueltecita
sharp afilado
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
approximately casi
approximately como
approximately hacia
approximately sobre
here aquí
risky arriesgado
risky peligroso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute alerta
astute astuto
astute atento
astute avispado
astute despierto
astute listo
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious avaro
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin flaco
inside adentro
inside dentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
difficult dificultoso
where ¿dónde?
angry cabreado
angry disgustado
angry encabronado
angry enfadado
angry enojado
angry fastidiado
angry furioso
angry histérico
angry molesto
angry mosqueado
often asiduamente
often frecuentemente
often normalmente
often regularmente
outside afuera
outside fuera
greasy grasiento
grayish grisáceo
grayish plomizo
skillfull bueno
skillfull diestro
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful agradable
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful chulo
beautiful espléndido
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligero
weak liviano
filthy mugriento
very bastante
very harto
very muy
little chavalillo
little joven
little niño
little pequeño
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoriento
dusty sucio
perhaps igual
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast pronto
fast rápidamente
fast rápido
clear arregladito
clear arreglado
clear aseado
clear elegante
clear guapo
clear impecable
clear limpio
clear pulcro
which ¿cuál?
which ¿qué
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold constipado
cold gripazo
cold gripe
cold resfriado
broken quebrado
broken roto
coarse borde
coarse brusco
coarse grosero
coarse maleducado
coarse ordinario
coarse tosco
slant inclinado
slant torcido
annoy chinchar
annoy fastidiar
annoy incordiar
annoy joder
annoy jorobar
arrive llegar
break cargarse
break destrozar
break joder
break partir
break romper
clear cortar
clear podar
clear segar
desorient burlar
desorient confundir
desorient descolocar
desorient desorientar
desorient despistar
desorient desubicar
desorient engañar
dial marcar
dismiss cesar
dismiss despedir
dismiss destituir
dismiss echar
dismiss suspender
drive conducir
encourage estimular
encourage incentivar
encourage mejorar
encourage motivado
escape desembarazarse
escape deshacerse
escape escapar
escape escaparse
escape librarse
escape zafarse
fill empastar
gossip chimosear
gossip chismorrear
gossip cotillear
gossip criticar
gossip hablar
gossip murmurar
hurry apresurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kill asesinar
kill cargarse
kill liquidar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel postrarse
lick chupar
lick lamer
light encender
miss extrañar
overturn volcar
pamper consentir
pamper malcriar
pamper maleducar
pamper mimar
park aparcar
park estacionar
postpone aplazar
postpone demorar
postpone posponer
postpone retrasar
puff absorber
puff aspirar
puff chupar
puff fumar
puff inhalar
puff inspirar
puff sorber
pull tirar
punch golpear
punch pegar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require precisar
require requerir
return regresar
search buscar
search examinar
search inspeccionar
search investigar
search rastrear
search registrar
search requisar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake agitar
shake sacudir
shake vapulear
shake zarandear
shoot disparar
shoot tirotear
skin desollar
sponsor patrocinar
throw arrojar
throw echar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie atar
trick confundir
trick timar
trick vacilar
turn girar
turn torcer
turn voltear
turn volver
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desembalar
unpack desempacar
unpack desempaquetar
unpack desenvolver
upset apenar
upset disgustar
upset entristecer
value evaluar
value tasar
value valorar
watch asomarse
watch espiar
watch mirar
whistle silbar
grind aplicado
grind empollón
grind estudioso
grind matado
truant informal
truant irresponsable
cheat copiar
tell-tale chivato
tell-tale soplón
flatterer lameculos
bully abusón
bully aprovechado
bully broncas
bully buscabroncas
bully buscabullas
bully buscapleitos
bully macarra
bully matón
bully peleón
bully picapleitos
bully provocador
meek aislado
meek callado
meek cerrado
meek introvertido
meek reservado
meek retraído
meek serio
meek solitario
meek tímido
hooligans banda
hooligans delincuentes
hooligans gamberros
hooligans grafiteros
hooligans macarras
repeater repetidor
boss jefe
pay salario
tired acabado
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired desfondado
tired desganado
tired destrozado
tired fundido
tired jodido
tired molido
tired muerto
tired out
tired reventado
penniless arruinado
penniless pelado
penniless quebrado
penniless seco
party fiesta
party juerga
policeman madero
policeman poli
plainclothes-man secreta
prison calabozo
prison cárcel
prison chirona
prison prisión
prison talego
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette cigarrito
cigarette cigarro
cigarette tabaco
beer birra
beer caña
beer cervecita
beer pinta
drug chocolate
drug hierba]yerba
drug marihuana
storm aguacero
storm tormenta
horns cuernos
contact contacto
contact enchufe
contact favoritismo
contact padrino
contact recomendaciones
contact referencias
trouble asunto
trouble cosa
trouble cuestión
trouble enfado
trouble fastidio
trouble historia
trouble lío
trouble movida
trouble problema
trouble tema
beating bofetada
beating cachete
beating sopapo
beating tanda
beating tortazo
baby bebé
baby bebecito
baby bebita
baby bebito
baby chiquitín
baby criatura
baby nene
baby nenito
baby niño
baby peque
drunken alegre
drunken bebido
drunken borrachín
drunken borracho
drunken ciego
drunken mamado
drunken pasado
drunken pedo
drunken trompa
beat apalear
beat golpear
beat noquear
beat patear
beat pegar
beat reventar
beat zurrar
thin delgadito
thin delgaducho
thin escuálido
thin escurrido
thin esmirriado
thin esquelético
thin flacucho
thin palillo
thin palo
thin tirillas
fat barrigón
fat foca
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat inmenso
fat obeso
fat panzón
fat rechoncho
fat tanque
fat tonel
fat vaca
tall alto
tall gigante
tall larguirucho
tall poste
short bajito
short bajo
short chiquitito
short chiquito
short enano
short pequeñajo
short pequeño
short pitufo
short retaco
short tapón
charming atractiva
charming bombón
charming bonita
charming buena
charming buenísima
charming cañón
charming divina
charming encantadora
charming encanto
charming guapa
charming linda
charming mona
charming pastelito
charming sexi
attractive apuesto
attractive atractivo
attractive bellísimo
attractive buenísimo
attractive bueno
attractive elegante
attractive guapérrimo
attractive guapetón
attractive guapísimo
attractive guapo
attractive hermoso
attractive imponente
attractive lindo
attractive pintón
attractive tipazo
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling asco
bad-smelling asqueroso
bad-smelling cerdo
bad-smelling cochino
bad-smelling fetido
bad-smelling hediondo
bad-smelling marrano
bad-smelling mugriento
bad-smelling podrido
bad-smelling puerco
bad-smelling roñoso
bad-smelling sucio
head azotea
head cabeza
head chota
head coco
head cocorota
head cogote
head cráneo
head melón
head mollera
head tarro
head testa
hair greña
hair melena
hair pelambrera
hair pelo
feet patitas
feet pies
feet pinreles
pregnant embarazada
pregnant encinta
pregnant esperando
competent atinado
competent competente
competent espabilado
competent inteligente
competent listo
competent preciso
competent preparado
competent sabelotodo
competent sabihondo
competent sabio
fool babieca
fool bestia
fool bobalicón
fool bobo
fool botarate
fool bruto
fool burro
fool centollo
fool corto
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool impresentable
fool incompetente
fool inepto
fool infeliz
fool inútil
fool lelo
fool lerdo
fool mastuerzo
fool melón
fool memo
fool mendrugo
fool mentecato
fool necio
fool palurdo
fool pánfilo
fool papanatas
fool primo
fool tarado
fool tonto
fool torpe
fool zopenco
fool zoquete
coarseness grosería
foolishness bobería
foolishness estupidez
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness insensatez
foolishness majadería
foolishness memez
foolishness mentecatez
foolishness necedad
foolishness pavada
foolishness sandez
foolishness simpleza
foolishness sosería
foolishness tontería
spaniard hispano
informer acusetas
informer bocazas
informer chismoso
informer chivato
informer delator
informer soplón
informer traidor
flatterer adulador
flatterer baboso
flatterer pelota
fluke carambola
fluke casualidad
fluke chiripa
fluke dedazo
fluke milagro
fluke suerte
rich millonario
rich multimillonario
rich rico
boring aburrido
boring cargante
boring coñazo
boring desagradable
boring fastidioso
boring inaguantable
boring insoportable
boring latoso
boring mamón
boring molesto
boring odioso
boring pelmazo
boring pesado
boring petardo
boring plasta
boring plomazo
boring plomo
boring terrible
lazy gandul
lazy holgazán
lazy huevón
lazy perezoso
lazy perro
lazy vago
lazy vagoneta
poor acabado
poor mendigo
poor miserable
poor pelado
poor pobre
hello Buenas.
hello Hola.
hello Oiga.
hello Sí.
hello ¡Si!
hello ¿Hola?
hello ¿Quién?
hello ¿Sí?
hello Diga.
hello Dígame.
hello Hello.
hell! ¡Coño!
hell! ¡Hostias!
hell! ¡Uy!
hell! ¡Vaya!
hell! Ah.
hell! Au.
hell! Ay.
hell! Carajo.
hell! Caramba.
hell! Caray.
hell! Cojones.
hell! Joder.
hell! Jolín.
hell! Miércoles.
hell! Mierda.
hell! Porras.
hell! Puñeta.
hell! Puñetas.
bye Adiós.
bye Bay.
bye Chao.
bye Chau.
annoying absurda
annoying asquerosa
annoying cabrona
annoying complicada
annoying cruel
annoying desagradable
annoying difícil
annoying dura
annoying ingrata
annoying injusta
annoying jodida
annoying mala
annoying mierda
annoying perra
annoying puta
annoying terrible
tremendous admirable
tremendous brillante
tremendous buenísimo
tremendous campeón
tremendous estupendo
tremendous excelente
tremendous extraordinario
tremendous fabuloso
tremendous fantástico
tremendous fenomenal
tremendous fenómeno
tremendous genial
tremendous genio
tremendous guay
tremendous impresionante
tremendous increíble
tremendous listo
tremendous máquina
tremendous maravilla
tremendous maravilloso
tremendous notable
tremendous portento
tremendous sobrado
tremendous sobresaliente
tremendous tremendo
great! ¡Anda!
great! ¡Bien!
great! ¡Chachi!
great! ¡Cojonudo!
great! ¡Estupendo!
great! ¡Fenomenal!
great! ¡Genial!
great! ¡Increíble!
great! ¡Magnífico!
great! ¡Maravilloso!
great! ¡Vaya!
apparently aparentemente
apparently dicen
apparently posiblemente
apparently seguramente
apparently supuestamente
feverish ardiendo
feverish caliente
feverish febril
feverish hirviendo
sewer alcantarilla
sewer alcantarillado
sewer cloaca
sewer drenaje
sewer tubería
pretty atractiva
pretty bella
pretty bonita
pretty buena
pretty guapa
pretty hermosa
pretty linda
pretty maja
pretty preciosa
uproar alboroto
uproar barullo
uproar bulla
uproar bullicio
uproar desmadre
uproar escandalera
uproar escándalo
uproar farra
uproar fiesta
uproar follón
uproar gentío
uproar griterío
uproar jaleo
uproar ruido
lock candado
lock llave
cord cordel
cord cordón
cord cuerda
cord lazo
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
thread meter
angry colérico
angry irritado
expel despachar
expel despedir
expel echar
expel expulsar
expel sacar
fuck acostarse
fuck chingar
fuck enrollarse
fuck follar
fuck fornicar
fuck joder
fuck liarse
talkative charlatán
talkative conversador
talkative cotorra
talkative hablador
talkative locuaz
talkative loro
talkative parlanchín
obscene guarro
obscene indecente
obscene inmoral
obscene obsceno
obscene sucio
obscene verde
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercancía
merchandise producto
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment impresión
presentiment pálpito
presentiment premonición
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
presentiment sospecha
resin resina
quarrel agarrón
quarrel altercado
quarrel bronca
quarrel discusión
quarrel disputa
quarrel encontronazo
quarrel enfrentamiento
quarrel gresca
quarrel pelea
quarrel problema
quarrel riña
quarrel trifulca
delay demorar
delay retrasar
delay tardar
unfortunate desafortunado
unfortunate desgraciado
spoiled consentido
spoiled malcriado
spoiled maleducado
spoiled mimado
spoiled sobreprotegido
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast emitir
broadcast televisar
camper campista
chalet chalet
coffin ataúd
coffin caja
cook cocer
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim descanso
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging correr
jogging footing
jogging jogging
jogging trotar
obstinate cabezón
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
peanut cacahuete
right! ¡Correcto!
right! ¡Ecco!
right! ¡Exacto!
right! ¡Justamente!
scratch arañazo
steal birlar
steal choricear
steal mangar
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
thief ratero
bother fastidiar
bother joder
bribe comprar
bribe untar
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
miss añorar
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight enfrentarse
fight pelear
junk trastos
drizzle chirimiri
drizzle gotillas
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined cursi
pseudo-rifined hortera
sad apenado
sad apesadumbrado
sad decaído
sad deprimido
sad entristecido
sad triste
sleep cabecear
sleep pestañear
vulture buitre
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
goalkeeper guardameta
goalkeeper portero
cheeks mejillas
cheeks mofletes
