jacket saco
cardigan jompa
cardigan saquito
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
t-shirt playera
t-shirt suéter
sweater suéter
windbreaker cazadora
windbreaker chamarra
windbreaker jompa
windbreaker rompevientos
overalls overol
overalls peto
poncho jorongo
poncho mañanita
poncho poncho
poncho ruana
jeans jeans
jeans tramos
jeans vaquero
overcoat abrigo
overcoat chaqueta
shawl chal
shawl chalina
shawl estola
shawl pashmina
shawl rebozo
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
ribbon balerina
ribbon banda
ribbon cinta
ribbon diadema
ribbon huincha
ribbon tiara
hood capucha
hood capuchón
hood gorro
earrings aretes
earrings arracadas
earrings pendientes
hairnet red
hairnet redecilla
ring anillo
ring sortija
cufflinks gemelos
cufflinks mancuernas
cufflinks mancuernillas
mascara máscara
mascara maybellin
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetas
socks calcetines
socks medias
slippers mafaldas
slippers pantuflas
heel tacón
underskirt enaguas
underskirt fondo
underskirt refajo
petticoart enagua
petticoart fondo
panties calzón
panties calzones
panties pantaleta
panties panti
brassiere brassiere
brassiere corpiño
brassiere sostén
zipper cierre
zipper zíper
clasp botón
clasp broche
glasses anteojos
glasses gafas
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts trusa
folder carpeta
folder folder
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag bolsa
bag bolso
bag maleta
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
suitcase petaca
suitcase veliz
handbag bolsa
handbag bolso
rucksack mochila
rucksack morral
dishwasher lavavajillas
cupboard alacena
cupboard anaquel
cupboard estante
cupboard gabinete
cupboard trinchador
faucet llave
sink fregadero
sink lavabo
sink lavatrastes
sink tarja
cooker anafre
cooker estufa
cooker parrilla
refrigerator refri
refrigerator refrigerador
pot cacerola
pot cazo
pot cazuela
pot olla
dishcloth secador
dishcloth trapo
straw popote
coaster portavasos
croissant cuerno
croissant croissant
croissant cuernito
roll bisquet
roll bolillo
roll bollito
roll bollo
tart dulce
tart pastel
tart quequi
sandwich canapé
sandwich croissant
sandwich emparedado
sandwich marinitas
sandwich sándwich
popcorn palomitas
scales balanza
scales báscula
bucket balde
bucket cubeta
teat chupón
teat mamila
lighter encendedor
earphones audífonos
baffle bafles
baffle bocinas
baffle speakers
switch apagador
switch botón
switch encendedor
switch interruptor
switch switch
radio radio
bedroom alcoba
bedroom cuarto
bedroom recámara
chandelier lámpara
blanket cobertor
blanket cobija
bedspread colcha
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread edredón
bedspread sobrecama
hanger gancho
hanger tubo
washbasin lavabo
washbasin lavamanos
tank depósito
tank tanque
bowl excusado
bowl inodoro
bowl sanitario
bowl taza
bowl WC
shower regadera
rose regadera
bathtub tina
dryer pistola
dryer secador
dryer secadora
landing descanso
bulb foco
stool banco
stool banquito
stool taburete
glass cristal
glass vidrio
match cerillo
match fósforo
peg pinza
peephole mirilla
doorknob manija
doorknob perilla
stroller carriola
stroller porta-bebé
deckchair camastro
wrench llave
car auto
car automóvil
car carro
car coche
fender defensa
headlight faros
headlight focos
headlight luces
headlight silbines
windsreen cristal
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
hood cofre
hood tapa
winker cuarto
winker direccional
winker intermitente
lock cerradura
lock manija
lock seguro
trunk cajuela
fender guardafangos
fender guardapolvo
fender polvera
fender salpicadera
tire llanta
wheel llanta
wheel rueda
van camioneta
van microbús
van pickup
van vagoneta
van van
van camionetita
van panel
jeep jeep
jeep todoterreno
trailer camper
trailer remolque
trailer traila
trailer trailer
bulldozer buldózer
bulldozer excavadora
bus autobús
bus camión
bus metrobús
bus micro
bus microbús
bus rutero
handlebar dirección
handlebar manubrio
silencer escape
silencer mofle
silencer silenciador
exhaust escape
minibus autobús
minibus combi
minibus micro
minibus microbús
minibus minibús
minibus pesera
minibus van
scooter minimoto
scooter moto
scooter motoneta
scooter scooter
scooter vespa
platform andén
rail rieles
rail vías
tie durmientes
sidewalk acera
sidewalk banqueta
reception lobby
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
elevator elevador
pen bolígrafo
pen estilógrafo
stapler engrapadora
stapler grapadora
staple grapas
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computadora
computer lap
computer Mac
stamp estampilla
stamp timbre
handle asa
handle mango
handle manija
handle manivela
slingshot charpe
slingshot resortera
slingshot tirador
kite cometa
kite papalote
boat bote
boat canoa
boat cayuco
boat lancha
boat trajinera
lawn césped
lawn pasto
slide resbaladera
slide resbaladilla
slide tobogán
bench banca
poster anuncio
poster cartel
poster cartelón
poster poster
jukebox rocola
harmonica armónica
pancake crepa
pit hueso
pit semilla
packet cartón
packet empaque
demijohn bidón
demijohn botella
demijohn botellón
demijohn galón
demijohn garrafa
demijohn garrafón
cap corcholata
can bote
can envase
can lata
colander cernidora
colander colador
colander escurridor
ladle cuchara
ladle cucharón
drainboard cernidora
drainboard coladera
turner batidor
turner espátula
turner paleta
mixer barillas
mixer batidor
mixer batidora
filter filtro
filter purificador
knifegrinder afilador
tray bandeja
tray charola
cupboard trastero
cupboard trincheros
cupboard vitrina
dishcloth magitel
playpen barandal
playpen corral
berth litera
basket canasta
basket canastilla
clasp abrazadera
washer lavadora
bobin bobina
bobin carrete
bobin carretel
bobin ovillo
needle agujas
cushion almohada
cushion almohadón
cushion cojín
stool escalerita
q-tips cotonete
q-tips hisopo
q-tips q-tip
plaster bandita
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
attic altillo
attic ático
attic azotea
attic buhardilla
attic desván
lock aldaba
lock aldabón
lock cerrojo
lock chapa
lock pasador
lock tranca
toothbrush cepillo
wardrobe armario
wardrobe closet
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat gabardina
raincoat impermeable
bolero bolerito
bolero bolero
bolero torera
bolero torerita
sportshirt camiseta
sportshirt chemise
sportshirt playera
sportshirt polo
smock batita
smock mameluco
fringe flecos
fringe flequillos
mitten guantes
mitten manoplas
pochette bolsa
pochette cangurera
pochette canguro
pochette monedero
pochette riñonera
cuff bastilla
cuff dobladillo
cuff valenciana
sandal chanclas
sandal huaraches
sandal mafaldas
sandal sandalias
sandal zapatillas
studs tacos
shorts boxer
shorts boxers
shorts cortos
shorts matapasiones
apron delantal
apron mandil
ring argolla
lipstick bilé
lipstick labial
rollers rizadores
rollers roles
rollers tubos
chalk gis
chalk tiza
diary agenda
block cuaderno
block libreta
pad bloc
pad libreta
checkbook chequera
checkbook talonario
photocopier copiadora
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles canicas
leapfrog burro
dart dardo
hoop aro
hoop hula-hoop
hoop hula-hula
skipping cuerda
skipping reata
skateboard patineta
skateboard skate
skateboard skateboard
megaphone altavoz
megaphone megáfono
pinwheel reguilete
pinwheel rehilete
parachute paracaídas
frisbee disco
frisbee frisbee
boxing box
boxing boxeo
goal portería
merry-go-round caballitos
merry-go-round carrusel
binoculars binocular
binoculars catalejos
binoculars miralejos
binoculars prismáticos
convertible convertible
road autopista
road carretera
saddle asiento
handlebar manivela
bar bar
bar barra
bar cafetería
can barril
can tambo
can tanque
can tonel
dam dique
dam presa
dam represa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
loudspeaker bocina
horn claxon
toilet baño
toilet sanitario
toilet wc
bootblack bolero
bootblack lustrador
janitor afanadora
janitor barrendero
janitor conserje
janitor fregona
janitor intendente
janitor muchacha
janitor sirvienta
directory directorio
directory guía
bankbook cartilla
bankbook libreta
bankbook tarjeta
spray aerosol
spray atomizador
spray spray
rotary glorieta
rotary rotonda
loudspeaker altavoces
loudspeaker micrófono
blind persiana
awning carpa
awning lona
awning toldo
tripod tripié
tripod trípode
battery baterías
battery pilas
pushcart carrito
wedge calza
wedge calzador
wedge cuña
wedge tope
check-room casillero
check-room locker
drain registro
carrycot canguro
carrycot portabebé
number número
strecher camilla
fans afición
fans aficionados
fans fanáticos
fans seguidores
sting aguijón
apricot albaricoque
apricot chabacano
food alimento
food comestible
raising alzamiento
raising levantada
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook arroyuelo
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
murderer malito
murderer narco
murderer zeta
be be
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
slap cachetada
slap guantazo
bar café
bar snack
puff chupada
puff fumada
puff golpe
puff jalón
waiter camarero
waiter mesero
switchboard conmutador
pig cerdo
pig cochino
pig marrano
pig puerco
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
cooking cocimiento
cooking cocinar
cooking hervida
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell concha
chat charla
chat choro
chat conversación
chat plática
chat platicada
anger coraje
anger rabia
cost costo
cost gasto
cost inversión
cost precios
crossing cruza
slope cerro
slope cuesta
slope loma
slope pendiente
bay bahía
bay cala
bay caleta
bay ensenada
amusement distracción
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
school colegio
school escuela
stay estadía
stay estancia
stay permanencia
stay residencia
miss equivocación
miss error
miss falla
financier administrador
financier analista
financier asesor
financier consultor
financier experto
financier financiero
bangs fleco
bangs flequillo
plumber fontanero
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger extraño
stranger forastero
stranger fuereño
stranger turista
form forma
form formato
form formulario
form solicitud
rubber caucho
rubber goma
rubber leche
rubber resina
rubber savia
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty hermosura
beauty lindo
beauty lindura
grass césped
grass hierba
grass maleza
grass pasto
grass yerba
grass zacate
iron fierro
iron hierro
concrete concreto
concrete mezcla
hospital hospital
graduate egresado
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate titulado
degree licenciatura
degree título
discount barata
discount descuento
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount rebaja
discount remate
call llamada
call telefonazo
arrival arribo
arrival llegada
whip chicote
whip fuete
whip garrotillo
whip látigo
whip vara
teacher alfabetizadora
teacher educador
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds hierbajos
weeds maleza
weeds matorral
spring chorrito
spring manantial
butter mantequilla
butter nata
block cuadra
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
peach durazno
peach melocotón
monkey chango
monkey mono
monkey simio
mosquito mosco
mosquito mosquito
mosquito moyote
mosquito zancudo
jackknife navaja
worker jornalero
worker obrero
chance chance
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
seafront costera
seafront malecón
seafront orilla
potato papa
sponsor patrocinador
sponsor promotor
toll cuota
toll peaje
toll tarifa
laziness desidia
laziness flojera
laziness hueva
laziness huevonada
laziness pereza
apartment apartamento
apartment condominio
apartment departamento
banana plátano
policeman agente
policeman gendarme
policeman policía
policeman vigilante
dust polvadera
dust polvareda
dust terregal
dust tolvanera
spokesman delegado
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade calificación
grade puntaje
grade resultado
kerosene parafina
kerosene petróleo
kerosene querosén
kerosene queroseno
pickpocket bandido
pickpocket caco
pickpocket carterista
pickpocket ladrón
pickpocket ladronzuelo
pickpocket rata
pickpocket raterillo
pickpocket ratero
raid operativo
raid razzia
raid redada
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing compostura
repairing reparación
slip patinada
slip resbalada
slip resbalón
rumor chisme
rumor habladuría
rumor rumor
sandwich lonche
highlander campesino
highlander serrano
hissing chiflido
hissing pitar
hissing pitazo
hissing pitido
hissing silbatazo
hissing silbido
hissing silbo
position localización
position posición
position ubicación
arrogance altanería
arrogance altivez
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance pedantería
arrogance soberbia
bribery cohecho
bribery corrupción
bribery moche
bribery mordida
bribery soborno
change cambio
change morralla
change sencillo
change suelto
bar cantina
bar cervecería
bar salón
bar taberna
tidbits aperitivo
tidbits bocadillo
tidbits botana
tidbits canapés
tidbits merienda
tidbits tentempié
earthquake sismo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting tirazón
shooting tiros
shooting tiroteo
courage arrojo
courage coraje
courage huevos
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze vientecillo
breeze vientecito
visa visa
visa visado
glance mirada
glance ojeada
glance ojo
glance vistazo
change feria
change vuelto
walk vueltecita
walk vueltita
sharp afilado
sharp filoso
bitter amargo
bitter amargoso
yellowish amarillento
before antes
before dendenantes
approximately aproximadamente
approximately casi
approximately como
here acá
here aquí
risky arriesgado
risky peligroso
risky riesgoso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute abusado
astute alerta
astute astuto
astute atento
astute avispado
astute buso
astute buzo
astute despierto
astute enchufado
astute listo
astute pila
astute vivo
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
brilliant brilloso
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious avaro
avaricious codicioso
against renuente
thin calilla
thin delgado
thin escuálido
thin flaco
thin ñango
inside adentro
inside dentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
difficult dificultoso
difficult enredado
where ¿adónde?
where ¿dónde?
angry disgustado
angry emputado
angry encabronado
angry enfadado
angry enojado
angry furioso
angry molesto
often asiduamente
often frecuentemente
often regularmente
often seguido
outside afuera
outside fuera
greasy engrasado
greasy grasiento
greasy grasoso
grayish grisáceo
grayish grisecito
grayish plomizo
skillfull bueno
skillfull diestro
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligerito
weak ligero
weak light
weak liviano
filthy atascado
filthy cochino
filthy mugriento
filthy mugroso
very bastante
very muy
little chavalillo
little chico
little chiquito
little huerco
little joven
little lepe
little morrillo
little morrito
little morro
little niño
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoriento
dusty polvoso
dusty sucio
perhaps derrepe
perhaps igual
perhaps pue'que
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast pronto
fast rápidamente
fast rápido
next entrante
clear arregladito
clear arreglado
clear aseado
clear impecable
clear limpio
clear pulcro
which ¿cuál?
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
radio radiofónico
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold constipado
cold enfriamiento
cold gripa
cold gripe
cold resfriado
cold resfrío
broken quebrado
broken roto
coarse brusco
coarse grosero
coarse maleducado
coarse odioso
coarse pesado
coarse rudo
slant chueco
slant desalineado
slant desviado
slant inclinado
slant ladeado
slant torcido
annoy chingar
annoy contrariar
annoy fastidiar
annoy fregar
annoy joder
annoy jorobar
arrive llegar
break destrozar
break estrellar
break quebrar
break romper
clear chapear
clear deshierbar
clear desyerbar
desorient burlar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
desorient despistar
desorient desubicar
desorient engañar
dial marcar
dismiss cesar
dismiss correr
dismiss despedir
dismiss destituir
dismiss remover
dismiss separar
dismiss suspender
drench mojado
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage estimular
encourage incentivar
encourage motivado
escape escapar
escape escaparse
escape liberarse
escape librarse
escape soltarse
escape zafar
escape zafarse
fill empastar
fill rellenar
fill tapar
gossip chismear
gossip chismorrear
gossip comadrear
gossip criticar
gossip hablar
gossip murmurar
hurry apresurar
hurry apresurarse
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kidnap robar
kill asesinar
kill chingar
kill liquidar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
kneel postrarse
lick lamber
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter disgustar
matter encabronar
matter enojar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcar
overturn volcarse
overturn voltearse
pamper alcahuetear
pamper apapachar
pamper consentir
pamper malcriar
pamper maleducar
pamper mimar
pamper tolerar
park estacionar
postpone aplazar
postpone posponer
postpone postergar
postpone retrasar
puff absorber
puff aspirar
puff chupar
puff fumar
puff inhalar
puff jalar
puff sorber
pull jalar
punch golpear
punch pegar
punch ponerle
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
return regresar
search buscar
search catear
search escudriñar
search esculcar
search investigar
search registrar
search revisar
search trasculcar
seem suponer
shake agitar
shake estrujar
shake sacudir
shake zangolotear
shake zarandear
shoot balacear
shoot balear
shoot disparar
skin desollar
skin despellejar
skin pelar
sponsor patrocinar
throw arrojar
throw echar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
tie atar
trick timar
trick vacilar
turn doblar
turn voltear
turn girar
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desempacar
unpack desenvolver
upset apenar
upset disgustar
value avaluar
value cotizar
value valorar
value valuar
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle silbar
grind azotado
grind dedicado
grind estudioso
grind machetero
grind matado
grind nerd
grind nerdo
grind ñoño
grind remachón
truant faltista
truant incumplido
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat copiar
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale chiva
tell-tale licha
tell-tale oreja
tell-tale rajón
tell-tale soplón
flatterer arrastrado
flatterer barbero
flatterer labioso
flatterer lambehuevos
flatterer lambiscón
flatterer lameculo
flatterer lameculos
flatterer lamehuevos
bully abusivo
bully aprovechado
bully bravucón
bully broncudo
bully buscapleitos
bully entrometido
bully peleonero
meek callado
meek introvertido
meek reservado
meek retraído
meek serio
meek tímido
hooligans banda
hooligans cholos
hooligans delincuentes
hooligans desastrosos
hooligans grafiteros
hooligans insoportables
hooligans malandros
hooligans pandilla
hooligans pandilleros
repeater burro
repeater fósil
repeater repetidor
repeater reprobado
boss jefe
boss patrón
pay quincena
pay ralla
pay salario
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired desganado
tired entelerido
tired jodido
tired molido
tired muerto
penniless bruja
penniless jodido
penniless quebrado
party convivio
party fiesta
party pachanga
party reve
party reventón
policeman azul
policeman chota
policeman cuico
policeman tira
policeman ley
policeman perro
policeman poli
plainclothes-man encubierto
plainclothes-man judas
plainclothes-man judicial
plainclothes-man oreja
prison bote
prison cárcel
prison cereso
prison comandancia
prison comisaría
prison delegación
prison policía
prison reclusorio
prison tambo
cigarette cigarrito
cigarette cigarro
cigarette tabaco
beer birria
beer carta
beer cervecita
beer chela
beer cheve
beer cheves
beer elodia
beer fría
drug churro
drug droga
drug estupefaciente
drug hierba]yerba
drug marihuana
drug mota
drug pasta
drug piedra
drug polvo
drug toque
storm aguacero
storm chubasco
storm diluvio
storm lluvia
storm tormenta
storm vendaval
horns cuernos
horns movida
contact conecte
contact conexiones
contact contacto
contact gorrear
contact palanca
contact recomendaciones
contact referencias
trouble asunto
trouble bronca
trouble coraje
trouble cuestión
trouble lío
trouble problema
trouble rollo
beating bofetada
beating cachetada
beating chicoteada
beating chinga
beating chingazo
beating cueriza
beating golpiza
beating nalgada
beating paliza
beating tunda
baby bebé
baby bebecito
baby bebita
baby bebito
baby nene
baby nenito
drunken beodo
drunken borracho
drunken briago
drunken cuete
drunken ebrio
drunken pedo
beat chingotear
beat dar
beat descuajaringar
beat fajear
beat golpear
beat macanear
beat madrear
beat pegar
thin calaca
thin delgadito
thin esquelético
thin flacucho
thin palo
thin seco
fat cerdo
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat marrana
fat marrano
fat obeso
fat panzón
fat rechoncho
fat regordo
fat timbón
tall alto
tall enorme
tall garrocha
tall garrochón
tall gigante
tall grandulón
tall jirafa
tall jirafón
tall largo
tall larguirucho
short bajito
short chaparrito
short chaparro
short chapo
short enano
short pequeño
short pirinola
short zotaco
charming atractiva
charming bombón
charming bonita
charming buena
charming buenísima
charming buenona
charming cueraso
charming cuerazo
charming cuero
charming divina
charming guapa
charming mango
charming mona
charming muñeca
charming sexi
attractive apuesto
attractive atractivo
attractive buenísimo
attractive carita
attractive cuerísimo
attractive guapérrimo
attractive guapetón
attractive guapísimo
attractive guapo
attractive mango
attractive papacito
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling asqueroso
bad-smelling cerdo
bad-smelling cochino
bad-smelling hediondo
bad-smelling marrano
bad-smelling puerco
bad-smelling sucio
bad-smelling zorrillo
head azotea
head cabeza
head chirimoya
head choya
head coco
head cráneo
head maceta
head tatema
hair cabello
hair greña
hair mechas
hair pelambre
hair pelo
feet patas
feet patitas
feet patotas
feet pezuñas
feet pies
pregnant embarazada
pregnant encinta
pregnant esperando
pregnant panzona
competent atinado
competent buso
competent capaz
competent competente
competent espabilado
competent inteligente
competent listillo
competent listo
competent pilas
competent sabelotodo
competent sabio
fool animal
fool asno
fool baboso
fool bestia
fool bobo
fool bruto
fool burro
fool estúpido
fool güey
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool incompetente
fool inepto
fool inútil
fool lelo
fool lento
fool menso
fool mongolito
fool papanatas
fool pazguato
fool pendejo
fool sonso
fool tarado
fool tarúpido
fool tonto
fool zonzo
fool zopenco
fool zoquete
stranger foráneo
stranger provinciano
coarseness grosería
coarseness guarrada
foolishness babosada
foolishness barbaridad
foolishness bobada
foolishness bobería
foolishness burrada
foolishness estupidez
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness necedad
foolishness pendejada
foolishness sandez
foolishness simpleza
foolishness taradez
foolishness tontera
foolishness tontería
spaniard gachupín
informer bocón
informer chismoso
informer chiva
informer delator
informer hocicón
informer oreja
informer soplón
flatterer adulador
flatterer salamero
fluke casualidad
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripada
fluke chiripazo
fluke chiripón
fluke milagro
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich millonario
rich multimillonario
rich ricachón
rich rico
rich riquillo
boring antipático
boring desagradable
boring fastidioso
boring inaguantable
boring insoportable
boring jodón
boring latoso
boring odioso
boring pesado
lazy flojo
lazy haragán
lazy holgazán
lazy huevón
lazy perezoso
lazy vagoneta
poor bruja
poor miserable
poor pelado
poor pobre
poor pobretón
hello Bueno.
hello Hola.
hello Sí.
hello Diga.
hell! ¡Híjole!
hell! ¡Uy!
hell! Ah.
hell! Au.
hell! Ay.
hell! Carajo.
hell! Caray.
hell! Chihuahua.
hell! Mierda.
hell! Puta.
bye Adiós.
bye Bay.
bye Chao.
annoying absurda
annoying cabrona
annoying cruel
annoying difícil
annoying dura
annoying fregado
annoying ingrata
annoying injusta
annoying molesto
annoying perra
annoying pinche
tremendous admirable
tremendous bárbaro
tremendous brillante
tremendous chingón
tremendous estupendo
tremendous excelente
tremendous extraordinario
tremendous genial
tremendous impresionante
tremendous listo
tremendous sobresaliente
tremendous tremendo
great! ¡Buenísimo!
great! ¡Chingon!
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Estupendo!
great! ¡Excelente!
great! ¡Genial!
great! ¡Increíble!
great! ¡Súper!
apparently aparentemente
apparently dizque
apparently posiblemente
apparently supuestamente
feverish ardiendo
feverish calentura
feverish febril
feverish hirviendo
sewer alcantarilla
sewer alcantarillado
sewer caño
sewer coladera
sewer drenaje
stretcher camillas
stretcher carretillas
handle agarradera
handle oreja
pretty atractiva
pretty bella
pretty bonita
pretty guapa
pretty hermosa
pretty linda
pretty preciosa
uproar alboroto
uproar algarabía
uproar barullo
uproar bulla
uproar bullicio
uproar escandalera
uproar escándalo
uproar griterío
uproar relajo
uproar ruido
lock candado
lock pestillo
cord cinta
cord cordel
cord cordón
cord cuerda
cord mecate
ahead adelante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
thread ensartar
thread meter
angry irritado
expel botar
expel correr
expel despedir
expel echar
expel expulsar
expel sacar
fuck acostarse
fuck chingar
fuck coger
fuck fornicar
fuck ponerle
fuck tirar
talkative conversador
talkative cotorra
talkative cotorro
talkative dicharachero
talkative hablador
talkative hablantín
talkative locuaz
talkative parlanchín
talkative perico
talkative platicador
obscene degenerado
obscene guarro
obscene indecente
obscene inmoral
obscene obsceno
obscene porno
obscene pornográfico
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercancía
merchandise producto
knock-kneed cazcorvo
knock-kneed chueco
knock-kneed patizambo
knock-kneed patuleco
knock-kneed zambo
skin cuero
skin forro
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment impresión
presentiment palpitación
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
presentiment sentimiento
resin brea
resin resina
quarrel agarrón
quarrel altercado
quarrel bronca
quarrel discusión
quarrel disputa
quarrel encontronazo
quarrel enfrentamiento
quarrel gresca
quarrel pelea
quarrel pleito
quarrel problema
quarrel riña
quarrel trifulca
delay atrasar
delay demorar
delay dilatar
delay retrasar
delay tardar
unfortunate desafortunado
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate desgraciado
unfortunate salado
spoiled consentido
spoiled malcriado
spoiled mimado
spoiled sobreprotegido
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast televisar
broadcast transmitir
camper campista
chalet quinta
coffin ataúd
coffin caja
cook cocer
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging correr
jogging jogging
jogging trotar
landlady muchacha
landlady sirvienta
obstinate necio
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
peanut cacahuate
right! ¡Ándale!
right! ¡Correcto!
right! ¡Exacto!
right! ¡Justamente!
scratch arañazo
scratch arañón
scratch aruñón
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
sweetener endulzante
sweetener esplenda
sweetener splenda
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
thief pillo
thief ratero
bother chingar
bother fastidiar
bother fregar
bother joder
bribe comprar
bribe mocharse
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss botar
dismiss correrlo
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echar
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
miss añorar
oppose contradercirle
soft-soap barbear
soft-soap chaquetearle
soft-soap lambisconear
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight agarrarse
fight pelear
junk cacharros
junk cachivaches
junk chatarra
junk chivas
junk chucherías
junk chunches
junk tiliches
junk triques
drizzle chipichipi
drizzle llovizna
drizzle moja-pendejos
pseudo-rifined cursi
pseudo-rifined naco
pseudo-rifined ordinario
sad achicopalado
sad agüitado
sad deprimido
sad triste
sleep dormir
sleep dormirse
sleep jetearse
sleep pestañear
vulture aura
vulture zopilote
football futbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
goalkeeper arquero
goalkeeper guardameta
goalkeeper portero
cheeks cachetes
cheeks mejillas
