jacket saco
cardigan camperita
cardigan cárdigan
cardigan saco
cardigan saquito
t-shirt remera
sweater pulóver
sweater suéter
windbreaker anorak
windbreaker campera
windbreaker rompevientos
overalls jardinero
overalls mameluco
overalls overol
poncho poncho
jeans jeans
jeans vaquero
jeans vaqueros
overcoat abrigo
overcoat sacón
overcoat sobretodo
overcoat tapado
shawl chal
shawl pañoleta
shawl pashmina
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
skirt pollera
ribbon huincha
ribbon vincha
hood capucha
earrings aritos
earrings aros
earrings pendientes
hairnet redecilla
ring anillo
ring sortija
cufflinks gemelos
mascara máscara
mascara rímel
suspenders tiradores
suspenders tirantes
socks medias
socks soquetes
slippers chancletas
slippers chinelas
slippers pantuflas
heel taco
underskirt combinación
underskirt enagua
underskirt enaguas
underskirt viso
petticoart combinación
petticoart enagua
panties bombacha
panties calzón
panties calzones
panties trusa
brassiere corpiño
brassiere sostén
brassiere soutien
zipper cierre
zipper cremallera
clasp broche
glasses anteojos
glasses lentes
shorts calzoncillo
shorts slip
swimsuit malla
folder carpeta
folder carpetita
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag bolso
suitcase maleta
suitcase valija
handbag bolso
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
dishwasher lavaplatos
dishwasher lavavajilla
dishwasher lavavajillas
cupboard alacena
cupboard anaquel
cupboard aparador
cupboard armario
faucet canilla
faucet llave
sink bacha
sink pileta
cooker anafe
cooker cocina
cooker hornallas
refrigerator heladera
refrigerator refrigerador
pot cacerola
pot olla
dishcloth paño
dishcloth rejilla
dishcloth repasador
dishcloth trapo
straw bombilla
straw pajita
straw sorbete
coaster apoyavasos
coaster posavasos
croissant croissant
croissant factura
roll bollito
roll miñón
roll pancito
tart pastel
tart tarta
tart torta
sandwich sándwich
popcorn palomitas
popcorn pochoclo
popcorn pororó
scales balancita
scales balanza
bucket balde
bucket tacho
teat tetina
lighter encendedor
earphones audífonos
earphones auriculares
baffle altoparlantes
baffle bafles
baffle parlantes
switch botón
switch interruptor
switch llave
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
bedroom pieza
chandelier velador
blanket cobija
blanket frazada
blanket manta
bedspread acolchado
bedspread colcha
bedspread cubrecama
hanger percha
washbasin bacha
washbasin lavamanos
washbasin lavatorio
washbasin pileta
tank depósito
tank mochila
bowl inodoro
bowl sanitario
shower ducha
rose ducha
rose flor
rose regadera
bathtub bañadera
bathtub bañera
dryer secador
landing descanso
landing rellano
bulb foco
bulb lamparita
stool banqueta
stool banquito
stool taburete
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg broche
peephole mirilla
doorknob manija
doorknob picaporte
doorknob pomo
stroller carrito
stroller cochecito
deckchair reposera
wrench llave
car auto
car automóvil
car coche
fender paragolpe
fender paragolpes
headlight faros
headlight focos
headlight luces
windsreen cristal
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
hood capó
winker guiñe
lock cerradura
lock manija
lock seguro
trunk baúl
trunk portaequipajes
fender guardabarros
tire cubierta
tire goma
tire neumático
wheel rueda
van combi
van minibús
van trafic
van van
van camioneta
van camionetita
van furgoneta
van utilitario
jeep pickup
jeep todoterreno
trailer trailer
bulldozer excavadora
bulldozer retroexcavadora
bus colectivo
bus micro
bus ómnibus
handlebar dirección
handlebar manubrio
silencer silenciador
exhaust escape
minibus combi
minibus minibús
minibus trafic
scooter motito
scooter motoneta
scooter scooter
platform andén
rail rieles
rail vías
tie durmientes
sidewalk acera
sidewalk vereda
reception lobby
reception recepción
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
bill pasaje
escalator escalera
pen estilográfica
pen lapicera
pen pluma
stapler abrochadora
staple brochecitos
staple broches
staple ganchitos
staple ganchos
blackboard pizarra
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computadora
computer P.C.
stamp estampilla
handle asa
handle mango
handle manija
slingshot gomera
slingshot honda
scooter monopatín
scooter patineta
tent carpa
kite barrilete
kite cometa
boat bote
boat canoa
lawn césped
lawn pasto
slide tobogán
bench banco
poster afiche
poster anuncio
poster cartel
poster letrero
poster poster
poster propaganda
jukebox rocola
jukebox vitrola
harmonica armónica
pancake crep
pancake panqueque
pit carozo
packet caja
packet envase
packet pack
demijohn bidón
cap tapa
cap tapita
can botella
can lata
can tarro
colander colador
colander espumadera
colander espumador
ladle cucharón
drainboard colador
turner batidor
turner espátula
mixer batidor
mixer batidora
filter filtro
filter purificador
knifegrinder esmeril
tray bandeja
cupboard mueble
playpen baranda
playpen barrotes
playpen corralito
berth cucheta
basket canasto
basket portaequipaje
clasp abrazadera
clasp zuncho
washer lavarropa
bobin bobina
bobin canuto
bobin carretel
needle agujas
cushion almohada
cushion almohadón
cushion cojín
stool escalera
stool escalerita
q-tips cotonete
q-tips cottonets
q-tips hisopo
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
sling pañuelo
sling venda
attic altillo
attic ático
attic buhardilla
attic desván
lock cerrojo
lock pasador
lock pestillo
lock picaporte
lock tranca
toothbrush cepillo
wardrobe armario
wardrobe guardarropas
wardrobe placard
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat capa
raincoat impermeable
raincoat piloto
raincoat rompevientos
bolero bolerito
bolero torerita
sportshirt chomba
smock batita
smock camisita
smock saquito
smock suetercito
fringe flecos
mitten manoplas
mitten mitones
pochette riñonera
cuff botamanga
cuff dobladillo
cuff ruedo
sandal chancletas
sandal chinelas
sandal pantuflas
sandal sandalias
studs tapones
shorts boxers
shorts calzoncillos
apron delantal
lipstick labial
lipstick rouge
rollers bigudíes
rollers ruleros
chalk tiza
diary agenda
block cuaderno
checkbook cheque
checkbook factura
checkbook talón
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing hamaca
marbles bolitas
leapfrog rango
dart dardo
hoop aro
hoop hula-hula
skipping soga
skateboard patineta
skateboard skate
megaphone altavoz
megaphone altoparlante
megaphone amplificador
megaphone megáfono
megaphone parlante
pinwheel hélice
pinwheel molinete
pinwheel molinito
parachute paracaídas
frisbee disco
frisbee frisbee
boxing box
boxing boxeo
goal arco
merry-go-round calesita
binoculars largavista
binoculars binocular
binoculars prismáticos
convertible convertible
convertible descapotable
air-bag airbag
road autopista
road carretera
road ruta
saddle asiento
bar bar
bar barra
bar desayunador
bar mostrador
can barril
can bidón
can tacho
can tambor
can tanque
dam dique
dam embalse
dam presa
dam represa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
loudspeaker amplificador
loudspeaker megáfono
loudspeaker micrófono
loudspeaker parlante
horn bocina
horn corneta
toilet baño
bootblack lustra
bootblack lustrabotas
janitor barrendera
janitor barrendero
janitor empleada
janitor mucama
janitor muchacha
janitor sirvienta
directory guía
bankbook chequera
bankbook libreta
spray aerosol
spray atomizador
spray pulverizador
spray spray
spray vaporizador
rotary circunvalación
rotary rotonda
toothpaste dentífrico
blind persiana
awning toldo
tripod trípode
battery baterías
battery pilas
pushcart carrito
pushcart changuito
wedge cuña
wedge traba
check-room casillero
check-room locker
check-room taquilla
drain alcantarilla
carrycot canguro
carrycot mochila
number distintivo
number número
number dorsal
strecher camilla
fans aficionados
fans barra
fans espectadores
fans hinchada
fans hinchas
fans seguidores
sting aguijón
apricot damasco
food alimento
food comestible
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook arroyuelo
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
murderer victimario
slap bife
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
slap cachetada
slap sopapo
bar café
bar cafetería
bar cafetín
bar confitería
puff calada
puff chupada
puff fumada
puff pitada
waiter mozo
switchboard centralita
switchboard conmutador
pig cerdo
pig chancho
pig lechón
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
cooking cocinar
cooking hervor
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell valvas
chat charla
chat conversación
anger bronca
anger cólera
anger enojo
anger ira
anger rabia
cost costo
cost gasto
cost inversión
crossing cruza
slope cuesta
slope pendiente
slope subida
bay bahía
bay caleta
bay ensenada
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
amusement pasatiempo
school colegio
school escuela
stay estadía
stay estancia
miss equivocación
miss error
financier contador
financier economista
financier financista
bangs flequillo
bangs mechón
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger forastero
stranger turista
form cuestionario
form ficha
form formulario
form planilla
form solicitud
form test
rubber caucho
rubber goma
rubber resina
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty hermosura
beauty lindo
grass césped
grass hierba
grass pasto
grass yuyo
iron fierro
iron hierro
concrete hormigón
concrete mezcla
hospital hospital
graduate egresado
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate profesional
degree licenciatura
degree título
discount barata
discount descuento
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount promoción
discount rebaja
discount remate
call llamada
call telefonazo
arrival arribo
arrival llegada
whip fusta
whip látigo
whip rebenque
teacher maestro
teacher señorita
weeds maleza
weeds monte
spring manantial
spring vertiente
butter crema
butter manteca
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
cheek mofletes
peach durazno
monkey chimpancé
monkey mono
monkey simio
mosquito mosquito
jackknife cortaplumas
jackknife navaja
jackknife sevillana
worker jornalero
worker obrero
worker operario
chance chance
chance ocasión
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
unemployment desocupación
seafront costanera
seafront orilla
seafront rambla
potato papa
sponsor auspiciante
sponsor espónsor
sponsor sponsor
toll peaje
laziness desidia
laziness fiaca
laziness haraganería
laziness pereza
laziness vagancia
apartment departamento
banana banana
policeman agente
policeman guardia
policeman policía
policeman vigilante
dust polvadera
dust polvareda
dust polvo
dust remolino
spokesman delegado
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade calificación
grade nota
grade puntaje
grade puntuación
kerosene querosén
kerosene querosene
pickpocket carterista
pickpocket chorro
pickpocket ladrón
pickpocket punguista
pickpocket raterito
pickpocket ratero
raid allanamiento
raid operativo
raid razzia
raid redada
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing refacción
repairing reparación
slip patinada
slip resbalón
rumor chisme
rumor habladuría
rumor rumor
highlander serrano
hissing chiflido
hissing silbido
position posición
position situación
position ubicación
arrogance altanería
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance engreimiento
arrogance pedantería
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery coima
bribery corrupción
bribery mordida
bribery soborno
change cambio
change monedas
bar boliche
bar cantina
bar cervecería
bar pub
tidbits picada
tidbits tapa
tidbits tentempié
earthquake sismo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store negocio
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting tiroteo
courage coraje
courage huevos
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientito
visa visa
visa visado
glance mirada
glance ojeada
glance vistazo
change vuelto
walk vueltita
sharp afilado
sharp filoso
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
approximately casi
approximately como
approximately sobre
here acá
here aquí
risky peligroso
risky riesgoso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute alerta
astute astuto
astute atento
astute avispado
astute despierto
astute vivo
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
brilliant brilloso
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious angurriento
avaricious avaro
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin flaco
inside adentro
inside dentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
where ¿adónde?
where ¿dónde?
angry bravo
angry caliente
angry disgustado
angry enfadado
angry enojado
angry furioso
angry histérico
angry molesto
often frecuentemente
often normalmente
often regularmente
often seguido
outside afuera
outside fuera
greasy engrasado
greasy grasiento
greasy grasoso
grayish grisáceo
grayish grisecito
grayish plomizo
skillfull bueno
skillfull capaz
skillfull capo
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful agradable
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful espléndido
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligero
weak light
weak liviano
filthy cochino
filthy mugriento
filthy mugroso
very muy
little chico
little joven
little nene
little niño
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty polvoriento
dusty sucio
perhaps derrepente
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast pronto
fast rápidamente
fast rápido
clear acicalado
clear arreglado
clear impecable
clear limpio
clear prolijo
clear pulcro
which ¿qué
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
radio radial
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold gripe
cold resfrío
broken roto
coarse áspero
coarse bestia
coarse brusco
coarse bruto
coarse grosero
coarse loco
coarse maleducado
coarse ordinario
coarse violento
slant chueco
slant inclinado
slant ladeado
slant torcido
annoy embromar
annoy fastidiar
annoy hinchar
annoy incordiar
annoy joder
annoy jorobar
annoy picar
annoy zumbar
arrive llegar
break destrozar
break estrellar
break romper
clear carpir
clear desmalezar
clear desyuyar
clear limpiar
desorient confundir
desorient descolocar
desorient desorientar
desorient despistar
desorient desubicar
dial marcar
dismiss cesantear
dismiss despedir
dismiss destituir
dismiss echar
dismiss remover
dismiss sacar
dismiss separar
dismiss suspender
drench mojado
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage estimular
encourage incentivar
encourage mejorar
encourage motivado
escape deshacerse
escape escapar
escape escaparse
escape liberarse
escape librarse
escape rajar
escape zafar
escape zafarse
fill arreglar
fill emplomar
gossip chismorrear
gossip chismosear
gossip chusmear
gossip criticar
gossip hablar
gossip murmurar
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kill asesinar
kill liquidar
kill matar
kill ultimar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter disgustar
matter enojar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcar
pamper apañar
pamper consentir
pamper malcriar
park estacionar
postpone aplazar
postpone atrasar
postpone demorar
postpone posponer
postpone postergar
postpone retrasar
puff fumar
puff inhalar
puff pitar
pull tirar
punch castigar
punch dársela
punch fajar
punch golpear
punch pegar
punch trompear
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require precisar
require requerir
return regresar
search buscar
search catear
search escudriñar
search examinar
search inspeccionar
search investigar
search registrar
search requisar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake agitar
shake empujar
shake sacudir
shake zamarrear
shake zarandear
shoot balear
shoot disparar
shoot tirotear
skin cuerear
skin desollar
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor esponsorear
sponsor patrocinar
throw arrojar
throw echar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
tie atar
trick confundir
trick joder
trick mentir
turn doblar
turn girar
turn virar
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desembalar
unpack desenvolver
unpack deshacer
upset apenar
upset disgustar
upset entristecer
value cotizar
value tasar
value valuar
watch espiar
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle silbar
grind nerd
grind traga
truant faltador
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat copiar
tell-tale alcahuete
tell-tale botón
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale oreja
tell-tale soplón
flatterer adulón
flatterer alcahuete
flatterer chupamedias
flatterer lameculos
flatterer olfa
flatterer sobón
bully abusón
bully bravucón
bully buscapleitos
bully buscarroña
bully camorrero
bully fanfarrón
bully matón
bully patotero
bully peleador
bully peleón
bully pendenciero
bully provocador
meek aislado
meek antipático
meek callado
meek cerrado
meek introvertido
meek reservado
meek retraído
meek solitario
meek tímido
hooligans banda
hooligans barra
hooligans delincuentes
hooligans gavilla
hooligans pandilla
hooligans pandilleros
hooligans patota
hooligans patoteros
repeater desaprobado
repeater repetidor
repeater repitente
repeater reprobado
boss jefe
boss patrón
pay salario
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired desganado
tired destrozado
tired fundido
tired molido
tired muerto
tired reventado
penniless pelado
penniless quebrado
penniless seco
party farra
party fiesta
party joda
party juerga
party pachanga
party party
policeman cana
policeman milico
policeman poli
policeman tira
policeman yuta
plainclothes-man detective
plainclothes-man encubierto
prison cafúa
prison calabozo
prison cana
prison cárcel
prison comisaría
prison policía
prison prisión
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette cigarro
cigarette faso
cigarette puchito
cigarette pucho
beer birra
beer cervecita
beer chop
beer pinta
beer porrón
beer rubia
beer shop
drug droga
drug estupefaciente
drug falopa
drug faso
drug marihuana
drug merca
drug pasta
storm aguacero
storm chaparrón
storm diluvio
storm llovizna
storm lluvia
storm temporal
storm tormenta
storm vendaval
horns cuernos
contact acomodo
contact arreglo
contact conexiones
contact contacto
contact cuña
contact padrino
contact palanca
contact recomendaciones
contact referencias
trouble asunto
trouble bronca
trouble cosa
trouble enfado
trouble enojo
trouble fastidio
trouble historia
trouble kilombo
trouble lío
trouble problema
trouble tema
beating biaba
beating bife
beating bofetada
beating bollo
beating cachetada
beating chirlo
beating golpe
beating golpiza
beating lección
beating paliza
beating piña
beating salsa
beating sopapo
beating tortazo
beating trompada
beating tunda
baby beba
baby bebé
baby bebita
baby bebito
drunken alegre
drunken beodo
drunken borracho
drunken chupado
drunken ebrio
drunken mamado
drunken tomado
beat apalear
beat fajar
beat golpear
beat pegar
beat sopapear
beat zurrar
thin delgadito
thin escuálido
thin esmirriado
thin esquelético
thin famélico
thin flacuchento
thin flacucho
fat barrigón
fat cerdo
fat chancho
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat obeso
fat panzón
fat rechoncho
fat regordo
fat tanque
fat tonel
fat vaca
tall alto
tall gigante
tall largo
tall larguirucho
tall lungo
short bajito
short bajo
short chiquitito
short chiquito
short enano
short petiso
short petizo
short retacón
short tapón
charming atractiva
charming bombón
charming bonita
charming buena
charming buenísima
charming diosa
charming divina
charming linda
charming minón
charming mona
charming muñeca
charming potra
charming preciosura
charming sexi
attractive atractivo
attractive bellísimo
attractive buenísimo
attractive bueno
attractive churro
attractive lindo
attractive pintón
attractive potro
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling asco
bad-smelling asqueroso
bad-smelling chancho
bad-smelling hediondo
bad-smelling mugriento
bad-smelling roñoso
bad-smelling sucio
head azotea
head cabeza
head coco
head marote
head mate
head melón
head mollera
head pelada
head sabiola
head sesera
head testa
hair cabello
hair crenchas
hair mechas
hair melena
hair pelambre
hair pelo
feet patas
feet pies
pregnant embarazada
pregnant encinta
pregnant panzona
pregnant preñada
competent acertado
competent bocho
competent capaz
competent capo
competent competente
competent inteligente
competent preparado
competent sabihondo
competent sabio
fool abombado
fool animal
fool asno
fool babieca
fool bestia
fool bobo
fool boludo
fool bruto
fool burro
fool chanta
fool choto
fool estúpido
fool falto
fool fronterizo
fool ganso
fool gil
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool impresentable
fool incompetente
fool inepto
fool infeliz
fool inútil
fool lelo
fool mamerto
fool nabo
fool opa
fool otario
fool pajarón
fool pánfilo
fool papanatas
fool paparulo
fool pavo
fool pelotudo
fool pendejo
fool salame
fool tarado
fool tarúpido
fool tonto
fool zopenco
fool zoquete
stranger foráneo
stranger porteño
stranger provinciano
coarseness grosería
coarseness guarangada
coarseness guarrada
foolishness boludez
foolishness burrada
foolishness disparate
foolishness estupidez
foolishness gansada
foolishness huevada
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness macana
foolishness pavada
foolishness pelotudez
foolishness pendejada
foolishness sandez
foolishness taradez
foolishness tontera
foolishness tontería
foolishness zoncera
spaniard gallego
informer alcahuete
informer batidor
informer botón
informer delator
informer soplón
informer traidor
flatterer adulador
flatterer lisonjero
flatterer obsecuente
flatterer salamero
flatterer servil
fluke acomodo
fluke carambola
fluke casualidad
fluke culo
fluke milagro
fluke ojete
fluke pedo
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich guitudo
rich millonario
rich multimillonario
rich platudo
rich ricachón
rich rico
boring aburrido
boring cansador
boring fastidioso
boring hincha
boring hinchabola
boring hinchapelotas
boring inaguantable
boring insoportable
boring jodido
boring molesto
boring pesado
boring plomazo
boring plomo
boring rompebolas
lazy atorrante
lazy haragán
lazy holgazán
lazy perezoso
lazy vago
poor pelado
poor pelagatos
poor pobre
poor pobretón
poor seco
hello Hola.
hello ¿Hola?
hello ¿Sí?
hell! Ah.
hell! Au.
hell! Ay.
hell! Caracho.
hell! Carajo.
hell! puta.
hell! Mierda.
hell! Puta.
bye Adiós.
bye Chau.
annoying absurda
annoying asco
annoying cagada
annoying complicada
annoying cruel
annoying desastre
annoying desgracia
annoying difícil
annoying dura
annoying injusta
annoying jodida
annoying mierda
annoying porquería
tremendous admirable
tremendous bárbaro
tremendous brillante
tremendous buenísimo
tremendous capo
tremendous estupendo
tremendous excelente
tremendous extraordinario
tremendous fabuloso
tremendous fantástico
tremendous genial
tremendous impresionante
tremendous increíble
tremendous maravilloso
tremendous sobresaliente
tremendous súper
great! ¡Bárbaro!
great! ¡Bien!
great! ¡Buenísimo!
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Estupendo!
great! ¡Fabuloso!
great! ¡Fenomenal!
great! ¡Genial!
great! ¡Increíble!
great! ¡Joya!
great! ¡Maravilloso!
great! ¡Súper!
apparently aparentemente
apparently dicen
apparently posiblemente
apparently seguramente
apparently seguro
apparently supuestamente
feverish afiebrado
feverish ardiendo
feverish febril
feverish hirviendo
feverish mal
sewer alcantarilla
sewer cloaca
stretcher angarillas
stretcher parihuelas
stretcher tablas
pretty atractiva
pretty bella
pretty bonita
pretty hermosa
pretty linda
pretty preciosa
uproar alboroto
uproar algarabía
uproar barullo
uproar batifondo
uproar bochinche
uproar bolonqui
uproar bullicio
uproar farra
uproar fiesta
uproar griterío
uproar jarana
uproar joda
uproar kilombo
uproar ruido
lock candado
cord cordel
cord cordón
cord cuerda
cord piola
cord piolín
cord soga
cord soguita
ahead adelante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
angry chivado
angry fastidiado
angry irritado
expel cesantear
expel despedir
expel echar
expel expulsar
expel rajar
expel sacar
fuck acostarse
fuck coger
fuck fifar
fuck fornicar
fuck pinchar
talkative charlatán
talkative conversador
talkative cotorra
talkative dicharachero
talkative guitarrerro
talkative hablador
talkative locuaz
talkative parlanchín
talkative pesado
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene inmoral
obscene obsceno
obscene porno
obscene pornográfico
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercadería
merchandise mercancía
merchandise producto
knock-kneed chueco
skin cuero
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment impresión
presentiment pálpito
presentiment premonición
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
resin resina
quarrel agarrada
quarrel altercado
quarrel bronca
quarrel discusión
quarrel disputa
quarrel encontronazo
quarrel enfrentamiento
quarrel gresca
quarrel pelea
quarrel pleito
quarrel problema
quarrel riña
quarrel trifulca
delay atrasar
delay demorar
delay dilatar
delay retrasar
delay tardar
unfortunate desafortunado
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate desgraciado
unfortunate yeta
unfortunate yetatore
spoiled consentido
spoiled malcriado
spoiled mimado
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast emitir
broadcast televisar
broadcast transmitir
camper acampante
chalet quinta
coffin ataúd
coffin cajón
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
crane guinche
interim intervalo
interview entrevistar
jogging aerobismo
jogging footing
landlady empleada
landlady mucama
landlady muchacha
landlady sirvienta
obstinate cabezón
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
peanut maní
right! ¡Exacto!
right! ¡Justamente!
scratch arañazo
scratch rayón
steal afanar
steal birlar
steal chorear
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
sweetener endulzante
thaw descongelar
thief chorro
thief ladrón
thief ratero
bother joder
bribe coimear
bribe comprar
bribe untar
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
miss añorar
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight agarrarse
fight fajarse
fight pelear
junk cacharros
junk cachivaches
junk chatarra
junk trastos
drizzle garúa
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined cursi
pseudo-rifined ordinario
sad afligido
sad apenado
sad caído
sad decaído
sad deprimido
sad mal
sad triste
sleep cabecear
sleep dormir
sleep dormirse
sleep dormitar
vulture buitre
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback central
fullback marcador
goalkeeper arquero
cheeks cachetes
cheeks mejillas
cheeks mofletes
