jacket saco
cardigan chompa
cardigan saquito
t-shirt camiseta
t-shirt polo
sweater chompa
sweater suéter
windbreaker casaca
overalls overol
poncho poncho
jeans jeans
overcoat abrigo
shawl chal
shawl pashmina
skirt falda
ribbon huincha
ribbon vincha
hood capucha
earrings aretes
earrings pendientes
hairnet redecilla
ring anillo
ring sortija
cufflinks gemelos
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetines
socks medias
slippers pantuflas
slippers zapatillas
heel taco
heel tacón
underskirt enagua
underskirt enaguas
petticoart enagua
panties calzón
panties calzones
panties trusa
brassiere brassiere
brassiere sostén
zipper cierre
clasp broche
glasses anteojos
glasses gafas
glasses lentes
shorts calzoncillo
shorts trusa
folder file
folder folder
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag bolsa
bag bolso
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
dishwasher lavaplatos
cupboard alacena
cupboard anaquel
cupboard armario
cupboard repostero
faucet caño
faucet grifo
sink caño
sink fregadero
sink lavadero
sink lavaplatos
sink lavatorio
cooker cocina
refrigerator frigider
refrigerator refri
refrigerator refrigeradora
pot cacerola
pot olla
dishcloth paño
dishcloth secador
dishcloth trapo
straw cañita
coaster posavasos
croissant croissant
roll pancito
tart pastel
tart torta
sandwich sándwich
popcorn cancha
popcorn palomitas
scales balanza
scales pesa
bucket balde
bucket cubo
teat chupón
lighter encendedor
lighter mechero
earphones audífonos
earphones auriculares
baffle altoparlantes
baffle parlantes
switch botón
switch interruptor
switch llave
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
chandelier lámpara
blanket frazada
blanket manta
bedspread colcha
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread edredón
hanger colgador
hanger gancho
washbasin lavamanos
washbasin lavatorio
tank tanque
bowl excusado
bowl inodoro
bowl taza
bowl water
shower ducha
rose ducha
bathtub bañera
bathtub tina
dryer secadora
landing descanso
bulb bomba
bulb foco
stool banco
stool banquito
stool taburete
glass luna
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg gancho
peephole mirilla
doorknob chapa
stroller carrito
stroller coche
stroller cochecito
deckchair hamaca
deckchair perezosa
wrench llave
car auto
car automóvil
car carro
fender parachoques
headlight faros
headlight luces
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
hood capó
hood tapa
winker direccional
winker intermitente
lock cerradura
lock chapa
lock manija
lock seguro
trunk maletera
fender guardafangos
fender tapabarro
tire llanta
wheel llanta
wheel rueda
van camioneta
van combi
van microbús
van furgoneta
van ranchera
jeep jeep
jeep landrover
jeep pickup
trailer camper
trailer trailer
bulldozer buldózer
bulldozer caterpillar
bus autobús
bus bus
bus micro
bus ómnibus
bus interprovincial
handlebar manubrio
handlebar timón
handlebar timones
silencer mufle
silencer silenciador
exhaust escape
minibus combi
minibus micro
minibus microbús
scooter moto
scooter motoneta
platform andén
platform plataforma
rail rieles
tie durmientes
tie travesaños
sidewalk acera
sidewalk vereda
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
stewardess azafata
stewardess hostess
bill boleto
bill ticket
elevator elevador
pen lapicero
pen pluma
stapler engrampador
stapler engrampadora
stapler engrapadora
staple grampas
staple grapas
blackboard pizarra
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computadora
computer lap
stamp estampilla
handle mango
handle manija
handle manilla
handle manivela
slingshot cachita
slingshot honda
scooter monopatín
tent carpa
kite cometa
boat bote
boat lancha
lawn césped
lawn grass
lawn pasto
slide tobogán
bench banca
bench banco
poster afiche
poster cartel
poster poster
jukebox rocola
jukebox tragamonedas
harmonica armónica
harmonica rondín
pancake crep
pancake panqueque
pit hueso
pit pepa
packet paquete
demijohn bidón
demijohn botellón
cap chapa
cap corcho
can lata
colander colador
colander espumadera
ladle cucharito
drainboard cernidora
mixer barillas
filter filtro
filter purificador
knifegrinder afilador
tray azafate
tray bandeja
tray charola
cupboard aparador
cupboard vitrina
dishcloth wetex
playpen baranda
playpen corral
playpen corralito
playpen rejas
berth camarote
basket canasta
basket canastilla
clasp abrazadera
washer lavadora
bobin bobina
bobin carrete
bobin carretel
cushion almohada
cushion almohadón
cushion cojín
stool banqueta
stool escalera
q-tips hisopo
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
sling pañuelo
sling venda
attic altillo
attic ático
attic azotea
attic desván
lock aldaba
lock cerrojo
lock pestillo
lock picaporte
wardrobe armario
wardrobe closet
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat impermeable
bolero bolero
bolero chaqueta
bolero torera
sportshirt playera
sportshirt pollover
sportshirt polo
smock mameluco
smock ropón
fringe flecos
mitten guantes
mitten manoplas
mitten mitones
pochette bolsillo
pochette canguro
cuff basta
cuff bota
cuff dobladillo
cuff doblez
sandal chancletas
sandal sandalias
sandal sayonaras
sandal slaps
studs clavos
studs cocos
studs machuchos
studs toperoles
shorts boxer
shorts boxers
shorts calzoncillos
shorts truza
apron delantal
apron mandil
ring aro
lipstick colorete
lipstick labial
lipstick rouge
rollers ruleros
chalk tiza
diary agenda
diary exfoliador
block cuaderno
block espiral
checkbook chequera
checkbook talón
checkbook talonario
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles bolas
marbles bolitas
marbles canicas
marbles troya
leapfrog lingo
leapfrog saltaborrego
dart dardo
hoop aro
hoop hula-hula
skipping soga
skateboard patín
skateboard patineta
skateboard skate
skateboard skateboard
megaphone altavoz
megaphone altoparlante
pinwheel molinete
pinwheel molinillo
parachute paracaídas
parachute parapente
frisbee frisbee
frisbee platillo
frisbee platívolo
boxing box
boxing boxeo
goal arco
goal portería
merry-go-round carrusel
binoculars largavista
binoculars binocular
binoculars prismáticos
convertible decapotable
air-bag airbag
air-bag protector
road autopista
road carretera
saddle asiento
saddle silla
bar bar
bar barra
bar cafetería
can barril
can cilindro
can tanque
dam presa
dam represa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
loudspeaker amplificador
loudspeaker megáfono
horn bocina
horn claxon
toilet baño
bootblack limpiabotas
bootblack lustrabotas
janitor barredora
janitor barrendera
janitor barrendero
directory guía
bankbook libreta
spray aerosol
spray atomizador
spray spray
rotary circunvalación
rotary óvalo
rotary rotonda
toothpaste dentífrico
loudspeaker bocina
loudspeaker parlante
blind persiana
awning toldo
tripod tripié
battery pilas
pushcart carrito
wedge cuña
wedge taco
wedge tope
wedge tranca
check-room casillero
check-room locker
drain alcantarilla
carrycot canguro
carrycot portabebé
number número
number identificación
strecher camilla
fans aficionados
fans barra
fans hinchada
fans hinchas
sting aguijón
apricot albaricoque
food alimento
raising levantamiento
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
slap cachetada
slap guantazo
bar snack
puff calada
puff pitada
waiter camarero
waiter mesero
waiter mozo
switchboard centralita
pig cerdo
pig chancho
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
cooking cocinar
cooking hervida
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
anger cólera
anger rabia
cost coste
cost costo
crossing cruce
slope cerro
slope cuesta
slope subida
bay cala
amusement distracción
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
school colegio
school escuela
stay estadía
stay estancia
stay permanencia
miss equivocación
miss error
miss falla
miss fallo
financier asesor
financier consultor
bangs cerquillo
bangs flequillo
plumber fontanero
plumber gasfitero
stranger extranjero
stranger forastero
form formulario
form solicitud
rubber caucho
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty lindo
grass hierba
grass pasto
iron hierro
concrete concreto
concrete hormigón
hospital hospital
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
degree licenciatura
degree título
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount rebaja
discount remate
discount saldo
call llamada
arrival llegada
whip chicote
whip látigo
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds maleza
weeds matorral
spring manantial
spring naciente
butter mantequilla
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
peach melocotón
monkey mono
mosquito mosquito
mosquito zancudo
jackknife cuchilla
jackknife navaja
worker obrero
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
unemployment paro
seafront malecón
potato patata
sponsor auspiciador
sponsor patrocinador
toll peaje
laziness flojera
laziness haragán
laziness pereza
laziness vagancia
apartment apartamento
apartment piso
banana plátano
policeman policía
dust polvareda
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade nota
grade puntuación
kerosene querosene
kerosene queroseno
pickpocket caco
pickpocket ladrón
pickpocket ratero
raid batida
raid redada
relation relación
repairing reparación
slip patinada
slip resbalada
slip resbalón
rumor rumor
sandwich bocadillo
highlander serrano
hissing pitazo
hissing silbido
position ubicación
arrogance altanería
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery coima
bribery soborno
change cambio
change sencillo
change suelto
bar taberna
tidbits bocadito
tidbits piqueo
tidbits tapa
earthquake sismo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting tiroteo
courage coraje
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientecito
visa visado
glance mirada
glance ojeada
glance vistazo
change vuelto
walk vueltecita
walk vueltita
sharp afilado
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
here acá
here aquí
risky peligroso
amazing sorprendente
astute atento
astute mosca
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious angurriento
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin flaco
inside dentro
difficult difícil
where ¿dónde?
angry enfadado
angry molesto
often frecuentemente
often seguido
outside fuera
greasy grasiento
greasy grasoso
grayish grisáceo
grayish plomizo
grayish plomo
skillfull bueno
skillfull capo
skillfull hábil
beautiful bonito
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
bony huesudo
weak ligero
filthy cochino
filthy mugriento
very muy
little chico
little chiquito
little pequeño
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoriento
perhaps derrepente
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast pronto
clear arregladito
clear pulcro
which ¿qué
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold constipado
cold gripe
cold resfriado
cold resfrío
broken roto
coarse bruto
coarse grosero
coarse patán
slant chueco
slant torcido
annoy fastidiar
annoy fregar
arrive arribar
arrive llegar
break romper
clear deshierbar
desorient desorientar
desorient desubicar
dial marcar
dismiss cesar
dismiss despedir
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage mejorar
escape escapar
escape soltarse
fill tapar
gossip chismorrear
hurry apurarse
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcarse
overturn voltearse
pamper engreír
pamper malcriar
pamper mimar
park cuadrar
park estacionar
postpone postergar
puff absorber
puff fumar
pull jalar
punch golpear
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
return regresar
search registrar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake mover
shake sacudir
shoot disparar
skin desollar
skin despellejar
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor patrocinar
throw arrojar
throw botar
throw echar
tie amarrar
turn doblar
turn voltear
undress desvestirse
unpack desempacar
upset disgustar
value valorar
watch asomarse
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle silbar
grind chancón
grind estudioso
truant faltón
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat plagiar
tell-tale acusete
tell-tale soplón
flatterer sobón
bully abusivo
bully agresivo
bully buscapleitos
meek retraído
meek tímido
hooligans banda
repeater desaprobado
repeater repitente
boss jefe
tired agotado
tired cansado
penniless misio
party fiesta
policeman guardia
policeman tombo
prison cárcel
prison comisaría
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette cigarro
beer chela
drug hierba]yerba
drug pasta
horns cuernos
contact argolla
contact contacto
trouble vaina
beating golpiza
beating paliza
baby bebé
drunken borracho
beat golpear
beat masacrar
thin flacuchento
fat chancho
fat gordo
tall alto
short bajito
short chato
charming cuerazo
attractive churro
attractive guapo
attractive papacito
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling cochino
head coco
head mitra
hair pelo
feet patas
pregnant embarazada
competent capo
competent competente
competent inteligente
competent pilas
fool bobo
fool bruto
fool burro
fool estúpido
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool lerdo
fool mamerto
fool zonzo
stranger provinciano
coarseness grosería
foolishness tontera
foolishness tontería
informer acusetas
informer soplón
flatterer adulón
flatterer chupamedias
fluke chiripa
fluke suerte
rich millonario
rich platudo
rich rico
boring insoportable
boring jodido
boring pesado
lazy flojo
lazy vago
lazy vagoneta
poor pobre
hello Aló.
hello Hola.
hell! Ay.
hell! Caracho.
hell! púchica
bye Adiós.
bye Chao.
annoying fregado
tremendous estupendo
great! ¡Espectacular!
stretcher andas
handle asa
pretty bonita
pretty guapa
pretty linda
uproar bulla
cord cuerda
ahead delante
thread ensartar
angry enojado
expel despedir
fuck tirar
talkative hablador
obscene obsceno
merchandise mercadería
knock-kneed chueco
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment presentimiento
resin brea
resin resina
quarrel pelea
delay demorar
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate piña
unfortunate salado
spoiled consentido
spoiled mimado
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast transmitir
camper campista
coffin ataúd
coffin cajón
cook cocer
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim descanso
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging jogging
jogging trotar
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
obstinate testarudo
peanut maní
right! ¡Exacto!
scratch arañazo
scratch arañón
steal chorear
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
sweetener esplenda
thaw descongelar
thief choro
thief ladrón
thief ratero
bother fastidiar
bother fregar
bother joder
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss botar
dismiss despedirle
exaggerate exagerar
oppose contradercirle
spy espiar
wink guiñar
junk chatarra
pseudo-rifined chabacán
pseudo-rifined ordinario
sad caído
