jacket chaqueta
cardigan saco
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
sweater buzo
sweater suéter
windbreaker chompa
windbreaker rompevientos
overalls mameluco
overalls overol
poncho poncho
jeans jeans
overcoat abrigo
shawl chal
shawl chalina
shawl estola
pajamas pijama
pajamas pishama
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
ribbon cintillo
hood capucha
earrings aretes
ring anillo
cufflinks gemelos
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks medias
slippers pantuflas
underskirt enagua
petticoart combinación
panties calzón
panties calzonarios
panties panti
brassiere sostén
zipper cierre
glasses lentes
shorts calzoncillo
folder carpeta
folder folder
valise portafolios
bag bolso
suitcase maleta
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
cupboard alacena
faucet llave
sink lavabo
cooker cocina
refrigerator refri
refrigerator refrigeradora
pot olla
dishcloth trapito
dishcloth trapo
straw sorbete
coaster portavasos
croissant cachito
croissant cacho
roll pancito
tart cake
tart dulce
tart pastel
popcorn canguil
scales pesa
bucket balde
bucket cubeta
teat biberón
teat chupón
lighter encendedor
lighter fosforera
earphones audífonos
earphones auriculares
baffle parlantes
switch interruptor
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
chandelier lámpara
blanket cobija
blanket frazada
bedspread colcha
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread edredón
bedspread sobrecama
hanger armador
washbasin lavabo
tank tanque
bowl inodoro
bowl taza
shower ducha
rose ducha
bathtub tina
dryer secadora
landing descanso
bulb bombillo
bulb foco
stool taburete
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg pinza
peephole mirilla
doorknob chapa
doorknob manilla
stroller coche
stroller cochecito
wrench llave
car auto
car automóvil
car carro
fender guardachoque
headlight faros
headlight focos
windsreen parabrisas
hood capó
winker direccional
winker señal
lock seguro
trunk cajuela
fender guardabarros
fender guardafangos
fender salpicadera
tire llanta
wheel rueda
van furgoneta
van camioneta
jeep todoterreno
bulldozer retroexcavadora
bus bus
bus colectivo
bus flota
handlebar volante
silencer silenciador
minibus buseta
scooter vespa
platform andén
rail carriles
rail rieles
tie travesaños
sidewalk acera
sidewalk vereda
reception recepción
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
elevator elevador
pen pluma
stapler engrampadora
stapler engrapadora
staple grampas
staple grapas
blackboard pizarra
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computadora
stamp estampilla
handle asa
handle manilla
slingshot catapulta
scooter monopatín
tent carpa
kite cometa
boat barca
boat canoa
lawn césped
lawn hierba
slide resbaladera
bench banca
bench banquito
poster afiche
poster cartel
poster letrero
poster rótulo
jukebox rocola
harmonica armónica
pancake crep
pancake pancake
pit pepa
pit semilla
packet caja
demijohn botella
demijohn galón
cap corcho
can envase
can lata
can tarro
colander cernidora
colander colador
colander espumador
ladle cucharón
drainboard cernidor
turner batidor
turner espátula
mixer batidora
filter filtro
tray bandeja
tray charol
cupboard aparador
playpen baranda
playpen corral
berth litera
basket canasta
clasp abrazadera
clasp agarradera
washer lavadora
bobin carrete
bobin ovillo
needle agujetas
needle palillos
cushion almohada
cushion almohadón
cushion cojín
stool banquito
q-tips cotonete
q-tips q-tip
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
sling venda
attic altillo
attic ático
lock aldaba
wardrobe armario
wardrobe closet
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat impermeable
smock bata
smock batita
smock camisilla
smock mameluco
fringe flecos
mitten guantes
mitten mitones
pochette canguro
cuff basta
sandal chancletas
sandal sandalias
studs pupos
shorts calzón
apron delantal
lipstick labial
lipstick pintalabio
lipstick pintalabios
rollers bigudíes
rollers ruleros
chalk tiza
diary agenda
block cuaderno
pad bloc
pad cuaderno
checkbook cheque
photocopier copiadora
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles bolas
dart dardo
hoop hula-hula
skipping soga
skateboard patineta
megaphone altavoz
megaphone altoparlante
megaphone megafonía
pinwheel veleta
parachute paracaídas
parachute parapente
frisbee frisbee
boxing box
boxing boxeo
goal arco
merry-go-round caballitos
merry-go-round carrusel
binoculars largavista
binoculars binocular
binoculars gemelos
convertible descapotable
road autopista
road avenida
road carretera
saddle asiento
handlebar manubrio
bar bar
can bidón
can caneca
can tanque
dam dique
dam represa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
horn pito
toilet baño
toilet servicio
bootblack limpiabotas
bootblack lustrabotas
bootblack lustrador
janitor barrendera
janitor barrendero
directory guía
bankbook libreta
bankbook tarjeta
spray atomizador
spray spray
rotary redondel
toothpaste dentífrico
blind persiana
awning carpa
awning toldo
tripod tripié
tripod trípode
battery baterías
battery pilas
wedge tranca
check-room casillero
check-room locker
carrycot canguro
carrycot portabebé
number número
strecher camilla
fans aficionados
fans barra
fans hinchada
fans hinchas
sting aguijón
food alimento
food comestible
raising levantamiento
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
slap bofetada
slap cachetada
slap chirlazo
bar café
bar cafetería
puff golpe
puff pitada
waiter mesero
pig cerdo
pig chancho
pig marrano
pig puerco
resignation renuncia
cooking cocinada
cooking cocinar
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell carapacho
shell cascarón
shell concha
chat charla
anger bronca
anger cólera
anger coraje
anger enojo
anger ira
anger rabia
cost costo
crossing cruce
slope cuesta
slope ladera
slope loma
slope subida
bay bahía
amusement distracción
amusement diversión
amusement pasatiempo
school colegio
school escuela
stay estada
stay estancia
miss equivocación
miss error
miss falla
financier administrador
financier financiero
bangs cerquillo
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger forastero
form formulario
form solicitud
rubber caucho
rubber resina
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty hermosura
beauty lindo
grass césped
grass hierba
grass pasto
grass yerba
iron hierro
concrete hormigón
hospital hospital
graduate egresado
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
degree doctorado
degree licenciatura
degree maestría
degree título
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount promoción
discount rebaja
call llamada
whip fuete
whip látigo
whip vara
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds maleza
weeds matorral
spring manantial
spring naciente
spring vertiente
butter mantequilla
butter nata
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
peach durazno
monkey chimpancé
monkey mico
monkey mono
mosquito zancudo
jackknife navaja
worker obrero
chance ocasión
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
seafront malecón
potato papa
sponsor auspiciador
sponsor patrocinador
toll peaje
laziness flojera
laziness pereza
laziness vagancia
laziness vaguería
apartment apartamento
apartment departamento
banana guineo
banana plátano
policeman policía
dust polvadera
dust polvareda
spokesman delegado
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade calificación
grade nota
grade puntaje
kerosene querosén
kerosene querosín
pickpocket ladrón
pickpocket ratero
raid allanamiento
raid operativo
relation incumbencia
relation relación
repairing reparación
slip resbalada
slip resbalón
rumor chisme
rumor comentarios
rumor cotilleos
rumor habladuría
rumor rumor
highlander serrano
hissing chiflido
hissing silbido
hissing soplo
position ubicación
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance orgullo
arrogance pedantería
arrogance prepotencia
bribery mordida
bribery soborno
change cambio
change suelto
bar cantina
tidbits bocadillo
tidbits bocadito
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store negocio
store tienda
shooting tiroteo
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze vientecito
breeze vientito
visa visa
glance mirada
glance miradita
glance ojeada
glance vistazo
change vuelto
walk vueltita
sharp afilado
sharp filudo
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
approximately casi
approximately como
approximately sobre
here acá
here aquí
risky peligroso
risky riesgoso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute astuto
astute avispado
astute despierto
astute listo
astute pila
astute vivo
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin flaco
inside adentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
difficult dificultoso
difficult fregado
where ¿dónde?
angry bravo
angry cabreado
angry caliente
angry disgustado
angry enfadado
angry enojado
angry fastidiado
angry furioso
angry molesto
often frecuentemente
often regularmente
often seguido
outside afuera
greasy grasoso
grayish gris
grayish grisáceo
grayish plomizo
grayish plomo
skillfull capaz
skillfull diestro
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful agradable
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak liviano
filthy cochino
filthy mugroso
very bastante
very bien
very muy
little joven
little niño
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoriento
dusty sucio
perhaps derrepente
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast pronto
fast rápido
next entrante
clear arregladito
clear arreglado
clear impecable
clear limpio
clear nítido
clear ordenado
clear pulcro
which ¿cuál?
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold gripe
cold resfriado
cold resfrío
broken roto
coarse áspero
coarse bestia
coarse brusco
coarse bruto
coarse grosero
coarse maleducado
coarse ordinario
coarse patán
coarse tosco
slant chueco
slant desalineado
slant inclinado
slant torcido
slant virado
annoy contrariar
annoy fastidiar
annoy fregar
annoy joder
annoy jorobar
arrive llegar
break quebrar
break romper
clear deshierbar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
desorient desubicar
dial marcar
dismiss botar
dismiss despedir
dismiss echar
drive manejar
encourage mejorar
escape escaparse
escape liberarse
escape librarse
escape soltarse
escape zafarse
fill calzar
gossip chismear
gossip chismorrear
gossip chismosear
gossip comadrear
gossip murmurar
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kill asesinar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter disgustar
matter enojar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcarse
pamper malcriar
pamper malenseñar
pamper mimar
park estacionar
park parquear
postpone aplazar
postpone postergar
puff absorber
puff fumar
pull halar
pull jalar
punch golpear
punch pegar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
return regresar
search registrar
seem suponer
shake sacudir
shoot disparar
skin despellejar
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor patrocinar
throw botar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
turn doblar
turn virar
turn voltear
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desempacar
upset entristecer
value avaluar
value cotizar
watch aguaitar
watch espiar
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle silbar
grind matón
grind tragalibros
truant faltón
cheat copiar
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale sapo
tell-tale soplón
flatterer adulón
flatterer cepillo
flatterer labioso
bully bravucón
bully bronquista
meek bobo
meek callado
meek retraído
meek shunsho
meek tímido
hooligans pandilleros
hooligans relajosos
repeater aplazados
repeater repetidor
repeater vago
boss jefe
pay salario
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired muerto
penniless pelado
penniless quebrado
party farra
party fiesta
policeman chapa
prison cana
prison cárcel
prison prisión
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette tabaco
beer biela
beer chela
drug droga
drug marihuana
drug pepas
drug polvo
storm aguacero
storm tempestad
horns cachos
horns cuernos
contact padrino
contact palanca
trouble bronca
trouble lío
trouble vaina
beating cueriza
beating golpiza
beating paliza
baby bebé
baby guagua
drunken borracho
drunken chumado
beat golpear
beat masacrar
thin esquelético
thin flacuchento
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat guatón
tall alto
tall jirafa
tall poste
short enano
short patucho
short pequeño
charming alajita
charming atractiva
charming cueraso
charming cuerazo
charming guapa
charming linda
charming rica
attractive apuesto
attractive guapetón
attractive guapo
attractive papacito
attractive pintón
attractive regio
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling cerdo
bad-smelling hediondo
head cabeza
head coco
head mate
hair cabello
hair pelo
feet patas
pregnant barrigona
pregnant embarazada
pregnant encinta
pregnant esperando
competent capaz
competent capo
competent pilas
fool bestia
fool bobo
fool bruto
fool burro
fool estúpido
fool gil
fool imbécil
fool lelo
fool lento
fool pendejo
fool sonso
fool tarado
fool tonto
fool zonzo
coarseness grosería
foolishness bobada
foolishness estupidez
foolishness huevada
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness majadería
foolishness pendejada
foolishness tontería
informer chismoso
informer sapo
informer soplón
flatterer cepillos
flatterer chupamedias
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripazo
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich platudo
rich rico
boring odioso
boring pesado
lazy dejado
lazy flojo
lazy ocioso
lazy vago
lazy vagoneta
poor arrancado
poor pelado
poor pobre
poor pobretón
hello Aló.
hello ¿Aló?
hell! Caramba.
hell! Mierda.
hell! Pucha.
bye Chao.
annoying complicada
annoying desastre
annoying dura
annoying fregado
tremendous brillante
tremendous estupendo
tremendous excelente
tremendous extraordinario
tremendous increíble
tremendous pilas
great! ¡Bacán!
great! ¡Chévere!
apparently dizque
apparently seguramente
apparently supuestamente
sewer alcantarilla
sewer caño
stretcher tablas
handle oreja
pretty atractiva
pretty bonita
pretty guapa
uproar bulla
uproar griterío
lock cerradura
lock chapa
cord cuerda
cord piola
ahead adelante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
thread ensartar
expel botar
expel despachar
expel despedir
fuck acostarse
talkative hablador
talkative loro
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene obsceno
merchandise mercadería
merchandise mercancía
merchandise producto
knock-kneed chueco
knock-kneed patichueco
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment pálpito
presentiment presentimiento
resin resina
quarrel bronca
quarrel pelea
quarrel riña
delay demorar
delay tardar
unfortunate salado
spoiled consentido
spoiled malcriado
spoiled mimado
spoiled sobreprotegido
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast transmitir
camper campista
chalet quinta
coffin ataúd
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intervalo
interview entrevistar
jogging trotar
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
obstinate necio
obstinate testarudo
peanut maní
right! ¡Exacto!
scratch arañón
scratch aruñón
steal chorear
steal robar
sweetener endulzante
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
thief pillo
thief ratero
bother fastidiar
bother fregar
bother joder
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
exaggerate exagerar
miss añorar
oppose contradercirle
soft-soap cepillarle
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight pelear
junk cacharros
junk cachivaches
junk chatarra
junk chécheres
junk chucherías
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined cursi
pseudo-rifined ordinario
sad acabado
sad acongojado
sad afligido
sad apenado
sad deprimido
sad entristecido
sad triste
sleep cabecear
sleep dormir
sleep dormirse
vulture buitre
vulture gallinazo
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
goalkeeper arquero
goalkeeper guardameta
goalkeeper portero
cheeks cachetes
cheeks mejillas
