jacket saco
cardigan suéter
t-shirt playera
t-shirt t-shirt
sweater suéter
windbreaker chumpa
overalls overol
poncho poncho
jeans jeans
overcoat abrigo
shawl chal
pajamas pijama
pajamas pishama
skirt falda
ribbon banda
ribbon diadema
hood capucha
earrings aretes
hairnet redecilla
ring anillo
cufflinks mancuernillas
mascara máscara
mascara maybellin
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetas
socks calcetines
slippers pantuflas
heel tacón
underskirt fustán
petticoart combinación
panties calzón
brassiere brassiere
zipper zíper
clasp broche
glasses anteojos
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
swimsuit calzoneta
folder carpeta
folder folder
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag bolsa
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
suitcase valija
handbag bolsa
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
cupboard gabinete
faucet chorro
faucet llave
sink lavaplatos
cooker estufa
refrigerator refrigerador
refrigerator refrigeradora
pot olla
dishcloth limpiador
dishcloth secador
dishcloth trapo
straw pajilla
coaster portavasos
croissant cacho
croissant croissant
roll bollo
tart pastel
sandwich sándwich
popcorn poporopo
scales balanza
scales pesa
bucket cubeta
teat mamón
lighter encendedor
earphones audífonos
baffle bocinas
switch botón
switch interruptor
switch switch
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
blanket frazada
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread edredón
hanger cercha
hanger gancho
washbasin lavamanos
tank depósito
tank tanque
bowl inodoro
bowl taza
shower regadera
rose regadera
bathtub artesa
bathtub bañera
bathtub tina
dryer secadora
landing descanso
bulb bombilla
bulb foco
stool banco
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg pinza
peephole visor
doorknob perilla
wrench llave
car carro
fender bomper
headlight faroles
headlight luces
windsreen vidrio
windsreen windshield
hood capó
winker pidevía
lock cerradura
lock chapa
lock seguro
trunk baúl
fender lodera
tire llanta
wheel llanta
van camionetilla
van panel
van pickup
van camioneta
jeep jeep
bulldozer retro
bulldozer retroexcavadora
bus bus
bus camioneta
handlebar timón
silencer mofle
silencer silenciador
exhaust escape
minibus microbús
scooter motoneta
platform plataforma
rail rieles
tie durmientes
sidewalk acera
sidewalk banqueta
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
elevator elevador
pen pluma
stapler engrapadora
staple grapas
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight sujetapapeles
computer computadora
stamp sello
stamp timbre
handle mango
handle manivela
slingshot honda
scooter patineta
tent carpa
kite barrilete
boat cayuco
boat lancha
lawn grama
slide resbaladero
bench banca
poster afiche
poster cartel
poster letrero
jukebox rocola
harmonica armónica
harmonica violineta
pancake crepa
pancake panqueque
pit pepita
packet caja
demijohn galón
cap tapita
can lata
colander colador
colander escurridor
ladle cucharón
drainboard cernidor
drainboard colador
turner espátula
turner paleta
mixer batidor
filter filtro
knifegrinder afilador
tray azafate
tray bandeja
cupboard mueble
playpen baranda
playpen corral
berth litera
basket canasta
basket parrilla
clasp abrazadera
washer lavadora
bobin bobina
bobin carrete
needle agujas
cushion almohada
cushion cojín
stool escalera
q-tips hisopo
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
sling venda
attic ático
lock cerrojo
lock pasador
toothbrush cepillo
wardrobe armario
wardrobe closet
bidet bidé
raincoat capa
raincoat impermeable
bolero chaqueta
smock saquito
smock suetercito
fringe flecos
fringe flequillos
mitten guantes
mitten mitones
pochette cangurera
pochette mariconera
cuff ruedo
sandal caites
sandal chanclas
sandal chancletas
sandal ginas
sandal sandalias
studs tacos
studs tarugos
shorts boxer
apron delantal
ring argolla
lipstick pintalabios
rollers tubos
chalk yeso
diary agenda
block bloc
block cuarderno
checkbook chequera
checkbook talonario
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles cincos
dart dardo
hoop hula-hula
skipping cuerda
skipping saltacuerdas
skateboard monopatín
skateboard patineta
megaphone altavoz
megaphone altoparlante
pinwheel reguilete
parachute paracaídas
frisbee frisbee
boxing box
boxing boxeo
goal arco
goal portería
merry-go-round carrusel
binoculars largavista
binoculars binocular
convertible convertible
convertible descapotable
road carretera
saddle asiento
bar bar
bar cafetería
can tambo
can tonel
dam dique
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
horn bocina
toilet baño
bootblack lustrador
janitor empleada
janitor muchacha
directory guía
bankbook cartilla
bankbook libreta
spray atomizador
spray spray
rotary redondel
rotary rotonda
loudspeaker bocina
blind persiana
awning toldo
tripod trípode
battery baterías
battery pilas
pushcart carretilla
wedge cuña
check-room locker
drain reposadera
drain tragante
carrycot canguro
number número
strecher camilla
fans afición
fans aficionados
sting aguijón
sting shute
apricot albaricoque
food alimento
food comestible
raising subida
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
slap cachetada
slap tortazo
puff golpe
puff jalón
waiter mesero
pig cerdo
pig coche
pig marrano
resignation renuncia
cooking cocinada
cooking hervida
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
chat plática
anger cólera
anger enojo
anger rabia
cost costo
crossing cruce
slope cerro
slope cuesta
slope pendiente
slope subida
bay bahía
amusement distracción
amusement entretenimiento
school colegio
school escuela
school instituto
stay estadía
miss equivocación
miss error
financier administrador
financier financiero
bangs fleco
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger turista
form cuestionario
form formulario
form solicitud
rubber caucho
rubber goma
rubber resina
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty lindo
beauty lindura
grass grama
iron hierro
concrete cemento
concrete mezcla
hospital hospital
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate profesional
degree doctorado
degree licenciatura
degree maestría
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount realización
call llamada
arrival llegada
whip chicote
whip látigo
teacher maestro
weeds maleza
weeds monte
spring manantial
butter mantequilla
block cuadra
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
peach durazno
peach melocotón
monkey mico
monkey mono
mosquito mosco
mosquito mosquito
mosquito zancudo
jackknife navaja
worker jornalero
worker obrero
chance chance
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
seafront malecón
potato papa
sponsor patrocinador
toll peaje
laziness haraganería
laziness hueva
laziness pereza
apartment apartamento
banana banano
banana guineo
policeman agente
policeman guardia
policeman policía
dust polvareda
dust polvo
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade calificación
grade nota
kerosene gas
kerosene querosén
pickpocket ladrón
pickpocket ratero
raid operativo
raid redada
relation relación
repairing compostura
repairing reparación
slip resbalón
rumor bola
rumor chisme
rumor rumor
hissing chiflido
hissing silbido
position localización
position posición
position ubicación
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery corrupción
bribery mordida
bribery soborno
change sencillo
bar cantina
tidbits boca
tidbits boquita
earthquake sismo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting tiroteo
courage huevos
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientecito
visa visa
glance mirada
glance vistazo
change cambio
change vuelto
walk vueltecita
walk vueltita
sharp afilado
sharp filoso
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately casi
approximately como
here aquí
risky arriesgado
risky peligroso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute buzo
astute listo
astute pila
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin flaco
inside adentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
difficult fregado
where ¿dónde?
angry bravo
angry disgustado
angry emputado
angry enojado
angry molesto
often frecuentemente
often seguido
outside afuera
greasy grasoso
grayish grisáceo
skillfull bueno
skillfull capaz
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful agradable
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful chulo
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligero
weak liviano
filthy cochino
filthy mugroso
very bastante
very muy
little chiquito
little joven
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty empolvado
dusty sucio
fast luego
fast pronto
fast rápido
clear arreglado
clear elegante
clear limpio
clear ordenado
which ¿cuál?
which ¿qué
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
radio radial
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold gripe
cold resfriado
cold resfrío
broken quebrado
broken roto
coarse brusco
coarse grosero
coarse ordinario
coarse rudo
slant desalineado
slant desviado
slant ladeado
slant torcido
annoy chingar
annoy fastidiar
annoy fregar
annoy joder
arrive llegar
break quebrar
break romper
clear chapear
desorient confundir
desorient despistar
dial marcar
dismiss despedir
dismiss echar
dismiss sacar
drench mojado
drive manejar
encourage incentivar
encourage mejorar
escape deshacerse
escape escapar
escape zafar
escape zafarse
fill rellenar
gossip chismear
gossip chismosear
gossip murmurar
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kill asesinar
kill matar
kill ultimar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter enojar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcarse
overturn voltearse
pamper alcahuetear
pamper consentir
pamper malcriar
pamper mimar
park estacionar
park parquear
postpone atrasar
postpone posponer
postpone retrasar
puff fumar
puff jalar
pull halar
pull jalar
punch golpear
punch pegar
punch sonar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
return regresar
search buscar
search registrar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake mover
shake sacudir
shake zarandear
shoot balear
shoot disparar
skin desollar
skin despellejar
sponsor patrocinar
throw botar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
trick vacilar
turn cruzar
turn girar
turn voltear
undress desvestirse
unpack desempacar
unpack desenvolver
upset apenar
value valorar
value valuar
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle silbar
grind machetero
grind remachón
truant capiusa
cheat copiar
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale soplón
flatterer culebra
flatterer lambiscón
flatterer lameculos
bully abusivo
bully buscapleitos
bully peleonero
meek introvertido
meek tímido
hooligans mara
hooligans pandilla
repeater repitente
boss jefe
pay salario
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired molido
penniless gafo
penniless quebrado
party convivio
party fiesta
policeman chonte
policeman tira
plainclothes-man judicial
plainclothes-man oreja
prison bote
prison cárcel
cigarette cigarro
beer chela
beer fría
drug hierba]yerba
drug mota
storm aguacero
storm chaparrón
storm tormenta
horns cuernos
contact conecte
contact recomendaciones
contact referencias
trouble enojo
trouble lío
beating cachetada
beating chicoteada
beating nalgada
beating sopapo
baby bebé
baby nene
drunken bolo
drunken borracho
drunken ebrio
beat fajar
beat golpear
beat pijear
beat sopapear
thin escuálido
thin seco
fat cerdo
fat gordo
tall alto
short bajo
short chaparro
short enano
charming atractiva
charming bonita
charming buena
charming culazo
charming mango
attractive atractivo
attractive guapísimo
attractive guapo
attractive mango
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling cerdo
bad-smelling cochino
bad-smelling shuco
head coco
head shola
hair greña
hair pelambrera
hair pelo
feet patas
pregnant embarazada
competent atinado
competent buso
competent competente
competent culto
competent inteligente
competent listo
competent pilas
fool baboso
fool bobo
fool bruto
fool burro
fool cretino
fool estúpido
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool inútil
fool menso
fool pasmado
fool tarado
fool tonto
coarseness grosería
foolishness burrada
foolishness estupidez
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness insensatez
foolishness tontería
informer bocón
informer chismoso
informer oreja
informer soplón
flatterer adulador
flatterer chaquetero
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripazo
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich millonario
rich platudo
rich rico
boring insoportable
boring odioso
boring pesado
lazy holgazán
lazy huevón
lazy perezoso
poor pelado
poor pobre
hello Aló.
hello ¿Aló?
hell! ¡Híjole!
hell! Ay.
hell! púchica
bye Adiós.
bye Chao.
annoying desgracia
tremendous admirable
tremendous buenísimo
tremendous excelente
tremendous pilas
great! ¡Buenísimo!
great! ¡Excelente!
great! ¡Magnífico!
great! ¡Súper!
apparently supuestamente
feverish afiebrado
sewer alcantarilla
stretcher carretillas
handle asa
handle oreja
pretty atractiva
pretty bonita
pretty linda
uproar alboroto
uproar bulla
uproar relajo
cord cuerda
cord lazo
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
angry enfadado
expel despedir
expel echar
fuck acostarse
fuck coger
talkative hablador
talkative parlanchín
talkative platicador
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene inmoral
obscene obsceno
merchandise mercadería
merchandise producto
knock-kneed corneto
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment presentimiento
resin brea
resin resina
quarrel altercado
quarrel disputa
quarrel pelea
quarrel pleito
quarrel trifulca
delay atrasar
delay demorar
delay tardar
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate salado
spoiled consentido
spoiled mimado
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast transmitir
chalet chalet
coffin ataúd
coffin caja
cook cocer
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging jogging
jogging trotar
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
obstinate necio
peanut manía
right! ¡Exacto!
scratch aruñazo
steal huevear
steal robar
sweetener endulzante
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
bother chingar
bother fastidiar
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
oppose contradercirle
soft-soap chaquetearle
fight pelear
junk cachivaches
junk chunches
drizzle chipichipi
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined muco
pseudo-rifined shumo
sad achicopalado
sad acongojado
sad apesadumbrado
sad triste
sleep cabecear
sleep dormir
sleep dormitar
sleep pestañear
vulture zope
vulture zopilote
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
goalkeeper arquero
goalkeeper guardameta
goalkeeper portero
cheeks cachetes
cheeks mejillas
