jacket chaqueta
jacket saco
cardigan saco
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
sweater buzo
sweater saco
windbreaker chaqueta
overalls overol
poncho poncho
poncho ruana
jeans jeans
overcoat chaquetón
overcoat sobretodo
shawl chal
shawl pashmina
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
ribbon balaca
ribbon diadema
hood capucha
earrings aretes
ring anillo
cufflinks mancornas
mascara pestañina
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantas
socks medias
slippers pantuflas
heel tacón
underskirt combinación
underskirt enaguas
petticoart combinación
petticoart enagua
panties calzones
panties interior
panties panti
zipper cremallera
clasp broche
glasses anteojos
glasses gafas
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
shorts pantaloncillo
folder carpeta
valise maletín
bag bolso
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
handbag bolso
handbag cartera
rucksack morral
dishwasher lavaplatos
faucet llave
sink lavaplatos
cooker estufa
refrigerator nevera
pot olla
dishcloth esponjilla
dishcloth secador
dishcloth toalla
dishcloth trapo
straw pitillo
coaster portavasos
croissant croissant
tart bizcocho
sandwich sándwich
popcorn crispetas
scales balanza
scales báscula
bucket balde
teat chupo
lighter bricke
lighter briqué
lighter encendedor
earphones audífonos
baffle bafles
baffle parlantes
switch interruptor
radio radio
bedroom alcoba
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
bedroom pieza
chandelier lámpara
blanket cobija
bedspread cubrelecho
hanger gancho
washbasin lavamanos
tank cisterna
tank tanque
bowl inodoro
bowl taza
shower ducha
rose ducha
bathtub tina
dryer secador
landing descanso
bulb bombillo
stool banco
stool butaca
stool taburete
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg gancho
peephole ojo
doorknob manija
stroller coche
stroller porta-bebé
deckchair perezosa
wrench llave
car automóvil
car carro
fender bomper
fender defensa
fender parachoques
headlight farolas
windsreen panorámico
windsreen vidrio
hood capó
winker direccional
lock cerradura
lock chapa
lock seguro
trunk baúl
fender guardabarros
fender guardafangos
tire llanta
wheel llanta
wheel rueda
van van
van camioneta
jeep jeep
trailer carro-casa
bulldozer excavadora
bulldozer retroexcavadora
bus bus
bus flota
handlebar dirección
handlebar timón
silencer silenciador
exhaust exosto
minibus buseta
minibus microbús
scooter motoneta
platform andén
rail rieles
tie durmientes
sidewalk acera
sidewalk andén
reception lobby
reception recepción
stewardess azafata
bill pasaje
bill tiquete
pen estilógrafo
pen pluma
stapler cosedora
stapler grapadora
staple ganchos
staple grapas
blackboard tablero
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computador
stamp estampilla
handle mango
handle manija
slingshot cauchera
scooter patineta
tent carpa
kite cometa
boat barca
boat bote
boat canoa
lawn césped
lawn grama
lawn pasto
lawn prado
slide rodadero
bench banca
bench banco
bench escaño
poster afiche
poster cartel
jukebox rocola
jukebox vitrola
harmonica armónica
harmonica dulzaina
pancake crep
pancake pancake
pit pepa
packet caja
demijohn botella
cap tapa
can botella
can envase
colander colador
ladle cucharón
filter filtro
tray bandeja
tray charol
playpen baranda
basket canasta
clasp abrazadera
needle agujetas
needle palillos
cushion almohadón
cushion cojín
sling cabestrillo
sling venda
suspenders tirantes
fringe flecos
mitten guantes
mitten mitones
cuff basta
apron delantal
chalk tiza
photocopier copiadora
photocopier fotocopiadora
skateboard monopatín
skateboard patineta
megaphone megafonía
parachute paracaídas
parachute parapente
frisbee frido
frisbee frisbee
boxing box
goal arco
binoculars largavista
binoculars binocular
binoculars gemelos
convertible decapotable
air-bag airbag
road autopista
saddle asiento
handlebar manubrio
handlebar volante
horn pito
directory guía
bankbook libreta
spray atomizador
spray spray
toothpaste dentífrico
loudspeaker altoparlante
awning carpa
awning toldo
tripod tripié
wedge tranca
check-room casillero
check-room locker
number número
cooking cocinar
discount rebaja
call llamada
mosquito moyote
kerosene querosene
earthquake sismo
angry emputado
weak débil
filthy cochino
annoy fastidiar
annoy fregar
annoy joder
arrive llegar
break romper
clear deshierbar
desorient desubicar
dial marcar
dismiss despedir
drive manejar
encourage mejorar
escape soltarse
escape zafarse
gossip chismorrear
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kill asesinar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter enojar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcarse
pamper malcriar
pamper mimar
park estacionar
park parquear
postpone aplazar
postpone postergar
puff absorber
puff fumar
pull halar
pull jalar
punch golpear
punch pegar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
return regresar
search registrar
seem suponer
shake sacudir
shoot disparar
skin despellejar
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor patrocinar
throw botar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
turn doblar
turn virar
turn voltear
undress desvestirse
unpack desempacar
upset disgustar
value avaluar
watch espiar
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle silbar
truant faltón
cheat copiar
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale soplón
meek retraído
meek tímido
hooligans insoportables
hooligans pandilleros
repeater repetidor
boss jefe
pay salario
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired muerto
penniless pelado
penniless quebrado
party fiesta
plainclothes-man agente
prison cárcel
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette tabaco
storm aguacero
horns cachos
horns cuernos
contact palanca
trouble lío
trouble vaina
beating cueriza
beating paliza
baby bebé
baby guagua
drunken borracho
drunken rascado
beat golpear
beat masacrar
thin delgado
thin esquelético
thin flaco
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat marrano
tall alto
tall poste
short enano
charming rica
attractive papacito
attractive regio
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling cerdo
hair pelo
feet patas
pregnant embarazada
competent capo
fool bruto
fool burro
fool tarado
stranger extranjero
coarseness grosería
foolishness estupidez
foolishness huevada
foolishness imbecilidad
informer chismoso
informer soplón
flatterer chupamedias
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripazo
fluke suerte
rich platudo
rich rico
boring pesado
lazy dejado
lazy flojo
lazy vago
poor pelado
poor pobre
hello Aló.
hell! Mierda.
bye Chao.
annoying fregado
tremendous estupendo
great! ¡Espectacular!
apparently dizque
sewer alcantarilla
handle oreja
pretty bonita
uproar bulla
cord cuerda
cord piola
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
thread ensartar
angry bravo
angry cabreado
angry enojado
fuck tirar
talkative hablador
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene obsceno
merchandise mercadería
merchandise mercancía
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment pálpito
presentiment presentimiento
resin resina
quarrel pelea
quarrel riña
delay demorar
delay tardar
unfortunate salado
spoiled mimado
landlady empleada
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
scratch aruñón
thief ratero
bother fregar
die morirse
dismiss botar
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
spy espiar
pseudo-rifined chabacán
pseudo-rifined ordinario
