jacket saco
cardigan abrigo
cardigan chaqueta
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
sweater suéter
windbreaker chaqueta
overalls overol
poncho poncho
jeans azulón
jeans jeans
shawl bufanda
shawl chal
shawl chalina
shawl pañoleta
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
ribbon cintillo
ribbon diadema
hood capote
hood capucha
hood gorro
earrings aretes
earrings argollas
earrings aros
earrings chapas
earrings pendientes
earrings zarcillos
hairnet redecilla
ring anillo
ring sortija
cufflinks broches
cufflinks gemelos
cufflinks mancuernas
cufflinks mancuernillas
mascara marbelline
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetas
socks calcetines
slippers chancletas
slippers chinelas
slippers pantuflas
heel tacón
underskirt fustán
underskirt justán
petticoart camisón
petticoart combinación
panties blúmer
panties calzón
panties panti
brassiere brassiere
brassiere sostén
zipper zíper
clasp broche
glasses anteojos
glasses gafas
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
folder carpeta
folder folder
folder portafolios
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag bolso
bag maleta
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
suitcase valija
handbag bolso
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
dishwasher lavaplatos
cupboard alacena
cupboard anaquel
cupboard aparador
cupboard estante
cupboard gabinete
faucet grifo
faucet llave
faucet paja
sink fregadero
sink lavamanos
sink lavaplatos
sink lavatrastes
cooker cocina
cooker estufa
refrigerator refri
refrigerator refrigerador
refrigerator refrigeradora
pot cazuela
pot olla
dishcloth limpiador
dishcloth limpión
dishcloth paño
dishcloth secador
dishcloth toalla
dishcloth trapo
straw pajilla
coaster platito
coaster portavasos
croissant cuerno
croissant cachito
croissant cacho
croissant croissant
roll bollito
roll bollo
roll pancito
tart queque
tart torta
sandwich croissant
popcorn palomitas
popcorn pocorn
scales balanza
scales pesa
scales romana
bucket balde
bucket cubeta
bucket tina
teat chupeta
teat mamadera
lighter chispero
lighter encendedor
earphones audífonos
earphones auriculares
baffle altoparlantes
baffle parlantes
switch apagador
switch encendedor
switch interruptor
switch switch
radio radio
bedroom aposento
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
chandelier lámpara
blanket cobertor
blanket cobija
blanket frazada
bedspread colcha
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread edredón
bedspread sobrecama
hanger percha
hanger tubo
washbasin lavamanos
tank estanque
tank tanque
bowl inodoro
shower baño
shower ducha
shower regadera
rose ducha
rose regadera
bathtub bañera
bathtub tina
dryer pistola
dryer secador
dryer secadora
landing descanso
landing grada
landing peldaño
bulb bujía
stool banco
stool banqueta
stool banquillo
stool butaca
stool taburete
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg gancho
peg prensarropa
peephole visor
stroller carrito
stroller coche
stroller cochecito
deckchair cheslon
deckchair perezosa
deckchair playera
wrench llave
car auto
car automóvil
car carro
fender bomper
fender parachoques
headlight faroles
headlight faros
headlight focos
headlight luces
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
windsreen vidrio
hood capota
hood tapa
winker pidevía
lock seguro
trunk cajuela
trunk maletero
trunk valijera
fender guardafangos
tire llanta
wheel rueda
van microbús
van camioncito
van camioneta
van camionetita
van furgoneta
van pickup
jeep jeep
jeep landrover
jeep todoterreno
trailer camper
bulldozer buldózer
bulldozer caterpillar
bus autobús
bus bus
bus ruta
bus tuc
bus interlocal
handlebar manubrio
silencer mofle
silencer silenciador
exhaust escape
exhaust mofle
minibus microbús
scooter minimoto
scooter moto
scooter motoneta
scooter vespa
rail carriles
rail rieles
tie durmientes
sidewalk acera
sidewalk andén
reception lobby
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
bill pasaje
bill ticket
bill tiquete
elevator elevador
pen bolígrafo
pen pluma
stapler engrapadora
staple grampas
staple grapas
blackboard pizarra
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight prensapapeles
computer computadora
computer micro
stamp estampilla
stamp sello
stamp timbre
handle mango
handle manigueta
slingshot honda
slingshot hulera
slingshot tiradora
scooter patineta
scooter scooter
tent carpa
kite barrilete
kite cometa
kite lechuza
kite papalote
boat bote
boat canoa
boat cayuco
boat lancha
lawn césped
lawn grama
slide rampa
slide resbaladero
slide tobogán
bench banca
bench escaño
poster afiche
poster anuncio
poster cartel
poster letrero
poster poster
poster rótulo
jukebox rocola
jukebox roconola
harmonica armónica
pancake crepa
pancake pancake
pit corazón
pit semilla
demijohn bidón
demijohn galón
cap corcho
cap tapa
cap tapón
can botella
can envase
colander colador
ladle cuchara
ladle cucharón
drainboard colador
turner batidor
turner espátula
turner paleta
mixer batidora
filter filtro
knifegrinder afilador
knifegrinder esmeril
knifegrinder lima
tray bandeja
tray charola
cupboard mueble
playpen baranda
playpen barandal
berth litera
basket canasta
clasp agarradera
washer lavadora
bobin bobina
needle agujas
cushion almohada
stool escalera
q-tips aplicador
q-tips hisopo
q-tips palillo
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
sling venda
attic azotea
lock aldaba
lock pasador
wardrobe closet
wardrobe ropero
raincoat capote
raincoat impermeable
sportshirt camisa
sportshirt camiseta
smock suetercito
fringe flecos
mitten guantes
pochette cangurera
pochette canguro
cuff ruedo
sandal caites
sandal chinelas
sandal ginas
sandal sandalias
studs tacos
shorts boxer
shorts calzoncillos
apron delantal
ring argolla
lipstick labial
rollers rollos
rollers rulos
chalk tiza
diary agenda
pad bloc
checkbook factura
checkbook talonario
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles canicas
marbles chibolas
dart dardo
dart ruleta
hoop hula-hula
skipping cuerda
skipping saltador
skateboard monopatín
skateboard patineta
megaphone amplificador
megaphone bocina
megaphone megáfono
megaphone parlante
parachute paracaídas
frisbee frisbee
frisbee platillo
boxing boxeo
goal arco
goal portería
merry-go-round caballitos
binoculars binocular
binoculars prismáticos
convertible convertible
convertible deportivo
road carretera
saddle asiento
bar barra
can barril
can bidón
can tanque
dam dique
dam presa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
loudspeaker amplificador
loudspeaker parlante
horn bocina
horn pito
toilet baño
toilet sanitario
toilet servicio
bootblack limpiabotas
bootblack lustrador
janitor afanadora
janitor conserje
janitor empleada
janitor muchacha
janitor sirvienta
directory directorio
directory guía
bankbook libreta
spray aerosol
spray spray
rotary rotonda
toothpaste pasta
loudspeaker megáfono
blind cortina
blind persiana
awning carpa
awning pérgola
awning toldo
tripod trípode
battery baterías
pushcart carretilla
pushcart carrito
wedge cuña
wedge taco
check-room casillero
check-room locker
drain alcantarilla
drain registro
carrycot canguro
carrycot mochila
number distintivo
number número
strecher camilla
fans aficionados
fans fanaticada
sting aguijón
sting ponzoña
apricot albaricoque
food alimento
raising levantada
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook cañada
brook quebrada
murderer asesino
slap bofetada
slap cachetada
slap palmada
bar bar
bar cafetería
bar cafetín
bar comedor
puff chupada
puff fumada
puff golpe
puff jalada
waiter mesero
pig cerdo
pig chancho
pig cochino
pig lechón
pig marrano
pig puerco
resignation renuncia
cooking cocida
cooking hervida
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
chat plática
anger cólera
anger coraje
anger enojo
anger rabia
cost costo
cost gasto
crossing cruce
slope cuesta
slope ladera
slope pendiente
bay bahía
amusement entretenimiento
amusement pasatiempo
school colegio
school escuela
school instituto
school pre-escolar
stay estadía
stay estancia
stay permanencia
miss equivocación
miss error
miss falla
financier analista
financier consultor
financier experto
financier financiero
bangs copete
bangs fleco
bangs flequillo
bangs mechón
plumber fontanero
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger foráneo
form cuestionario
form formato
form formulario
rubber leche
rubber resina
hunger hambre
hunger hambruna
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty hermosura
beauty lindo
grass césped
grass grama
grass maleza
grass monte
grass yerba
grass zacate
iron fierro
iron hierro
concrete concreto
hospital hospital
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate profesional
degree licenciatura
discount descuento
discount especial
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount promoción
discount rebaja
discount remate
call llamada
arrival llegada
whip chilillo
whip látigo
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds charral
weeds matorral
spring fuente
spring manantial
butter crema
butter nata
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
peach melocotón
monkey chango
monkey chimpancé
monkey mico
monkey mono
mosquito mosquito
mosquito zancudo
jackknife navaja
worker jornalero
worker obrero
worker operario
chance chance
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
seafront malecón
potato papa
sponsor auspiciador
sponsor patrocinador
toll peaje
toll tarifa
laziness flojera
laziness haraganería
laziness hueva
laziness pereza
apartment apartamento
apartment condominio
banana banano
policeman agente
policeman policía
dust polvareda
dust polvazal
dust tolvanera
spokesman delegado
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade calificación
grade nota
grade puntaje
grade puntos
grade puntuación
grade resultado
kerosene gas
kerosene querosén
kerosene querosín
pickpocket carterista
pickpocket ladronzuelo
pickpocket ratero
pickpocket tamal
raid allanamiento
raid operación
raid operativo
raid redada
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing reparación
slip resbalada
slip resbalón
rumor bola
rumor rumor
highlander campesino
hissing chiflido
hissing silbido
position ubicación
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance pedantería
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery chanchullo
bribery coima
bribery mordida
bribery soborno
change menudo
change sencillo
change suelto
bar cantina
bar cervecería
tidbits boca
tidbits bocadillo
tidbits boquita
tidbits botana
earthquake sacudida
earthquake sismo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting tirazón
shooting tiroteo
courage huevos
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientecito
visa visa
visa visado
glance mirada
glance miradita
glance ojeada
glance vistazo
change cambio
walk vueltecita
sharp filoso
bitter amargo
bitter amargoso
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately como
approximately hacia
here acá
here aquí
risky peligroso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute abusado
astute aguzado
astute astuto
astute avispado
astute listo
astute pila
astute vivo
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin escuálido
thin flaco
inside adentro
inside dentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
difficult dificultoso
difficult enredado
where ¿adónde?
where ¿dónde?
angry bravo
angry caliente
angry disgustado
angry enojado
angry furioso
often frecuentemente
often regularmente
often seguido
outside afuera
greasy engrasado
greasy grasiento
greasy grasoso
grayish grisáceo
grayish plomizo
grayish plomo
skillfull bueno
skillfull diestro
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful agradable
beautiful bonito
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
filthy cochino
filthy mugroso
very bastante
very muy
little chico
little chiquito
little nene
little niño
standing parado
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoso
perhaps derrepente
perhaps quizá
fast pronto
fast rápidamente
fast rápido
clear acicalado
clear arregladito
clear arreglado
clear aseado
clear impecable
clear nítido
clear pulcro
clear regio
which ¿cuál?
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
radio radial
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold constipado
cold gripe
cold resfriado
cold resfrío
broken quebrado
broken roto
coarse áspero
coarse brusco
coarse bruto
coarse grosero
coarse jayán
coarse maleducado
coarse odioso
coarse patán
coarse pesado
coarse tosco
coarse violento
slant chueco
slant torcido
annoy contrariar
annoy fastidiar
annoy fregar
annoy joder
arrive llegar
break destrozar
break joder
break quebrar
break romper
clear chapear
clear chapodar
clear deshierbar
clear desyerbar
clear limpiar
clear podar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
desorient despistar
desorient desubicar
desorient engañar
dial marcar
dismiss botar
dismiss correr
dismiss despedir
dismiss destituir
dismiss echar
dismiss sacar
dismiss suspender
drench remojado
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage estimular
encourage incentivar
encourage mejorar
encourage motivado
escape desembarazarse
escape escapar
escape escaparse
escape liberarse
escape librarse
escape soltarse
escape zafar
escape zafarse
fill calzar
fill tapar
gossip chimosear
gossip chismear
gossip chismiar
gossip chismorrear
gossip chismosear
gossip comentar
gossip cuechar
gossip hablar
gossip murmurar
hurry apresurarse
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap plagiar
kidnap raptar
kill asesinar
kill liquidar
kill matar
kill ultimar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick chupar
lick lamber
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter enojar
matter hacerle
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn voltearse
pamper alcahuetear
pamper apañar
pamper consentir
pamper malcriar
pamper maleducar
pamper mimar
park estacionar
park parquear
postpone aplazar
postpone atrasar
postpone demorar
postpone posponer
postpone postergar
postpone retrasar
puff aspirar
puff chupar
puff fumar
puff inhalar
puff jalar
pull jalar
pull tirar
punch golpear
punch pegar
punch sonar
punch trompear
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
return regresar
search buscar
search catear
search esculcar
search examinar
search inspeccionar
search rastrear
search rebuscar
search registrar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake agitar
shake jamaquear
shake mover
shake sacudir
shake zangolotear
shake zarandear
shoot balear
shoot disparar
shoot tirotear
skin descuerar
skin desollar
skin despellejar
skin pelar
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor patrocinar
throw arrojar
throw botar
throw echar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
tie atar
trick confundir
trick mentir
trick vacilar
turn coger
turn cruzar
turn doblar
turn girar
turn voltear
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desempacar
unpack desenvolver
upset apenar
upset disgustar
upset entristecer
value estimar
value evaluar
value valorar
watch asomarse
watch espiar
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle silbar
grind aplicado
grind dedicado
grind estudioso
grind nerd
truant faltón
truant informal
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat copiar
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale oreja
tell-tale sapo
tell-tale soplón
tell-tale tapudo
flatterer cepillo
bully agresivo
bully belicoso
bully bravucón
bully buscapleito
bully buscapleitos
bully entrometido
bully metiche
bully metido
bully peleador
bully pendenciero
bully pleitista
meek aislado
meek callado
meek humilde
meek introvertido
meek retraído
meek solitario
meek tímido
meek triste
hooligans banda
hooligans delincuentes
hooligans desastrosos
hooligans desordenados
hooligans insoportables
hooligans malandros
hooligans maleantes
hooligans malos
hooligans pandilla
hooligans pandilleros
repeater aplazados
repeater bruto
repeater burro
repeater colgado
repeater repitente
repeater reprobado
boss jefe
boss patrón
pay paga
pay salario
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired desganado
tired fundido
tired jodido
tired molido
tired muerto
tired reventado
penniless acabado
penniless jodido
penniless limpio
penniless palmado
penniless planchado
penniless quebrado
party convivio
party fiesta
party pachanga
policeman guardia
policeman ley
policeman poli
plainclothes-man agente
plainclothes-man detective
plainclothes-man encubierto
plainclothes-man investigador
plainclothes-man oreja
prison bote
prison calabozo
prison cárcel
prison comisaría
prison cuartel
prison delegación
prison penitenciaría
prison prisión
prison tambo
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette cigarro
cigarette pitillo
cigarette tabaco
beer amarga
beer birria
beer cervecita
beer chela
beer fría
beer rubia
beer vicha
drug droga
drug estupefaciente
drug hierba]yerba
drug marihuana
drug mota
drug pasta
drug piedra
drug polvo
storm aguacero
storm chaparrón
storm chubasco
storm diluvio
storm lluvia
storm temporal
storm tormenta
horns cachos
horns cuernos
horns tarros
contact argolla
contact conecte
contact contacto
contact palanca
contact patas
contact recomendaciones
contact referencias
trouble asunto
trouble bronca
trouble cuestión
trouble enojo
trouble lío
trouble molestia
trouble problema
trouble rollo
trouble vaina
beating bofetada
beating cachetada
beating cacheteada
beating fajazo
beating golpe
beating golpiza
beating lección
beating nalgada
beating paliza
beating palmada
beating patada
beating pescozón
beating puñetazo
beating sopapo
beating tortazo
beating tunda
baby bebé
baby bebecita
baby bebecito
baby bebita
baby bebito
baby criatura
baby criaturita
baby nene
baby nené
baby nenito
baby niñito
baby niño
baby tierno
drunken alegre
drunken bebido
drunken bolo
drunken borracho
drunken ebrio
drunken mamado
drunken rascado
drunken tomado
beat apalear
beat aporrear
beat fajear
beat golpear
beat masacrar
beat noquear
beat patear
beat pegar
beat pijear
beat reventar
beat sopapear
thin delgadito
thin escurrido
thin esquelético
thin famélico
thin flacucho
thin lombriz
thin palillo
fat ballena
fat cerdo
fat chancho
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat obeso
fat rechoncho
fat tanque
fat timbón
fat vaca
tall alto
tall enorme
tall gigante
tall grande
tall grandulón
tall jirafa
tall jirafón
tall largo
tall larguirucho
tall poste
tall tranca
tall varilla
short bajito
short bajo
short chaparrito
short chaparro
short chiquito
short enano
short pequeño
short tapón
charming atractiva
charming bonita
charming buena
charming buenísima
charming cuerazo
charming culazo
charming divina
charming encantadora
charming encanto
charming guapa
charming linda
charming muñeca
charming preciosura
charming rica
charming sexi
attractive apuesto
attractive atractivo
attractive bellísimo
attractive buenísimo
attractive guapérrimo
attractive guapetón
attractive guapísimo
attractive guapo
attractive lindo
attractive precioso
attractive regio
attractive super
attractive tipazo
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling asqueroso
bad-smelling cerdo
bad-smelling chancho
bad-smelling cochino
bad-smelling hediondo
bad-smelling podrido
bad-smelling sucio
head cabeza
head chirimoya
head coco
head cráneo
head maceta
hair cabello
hair crenchas
hair greña
hair mechas
hair melena
hair pelo
feet patas
feet patitas
feet patotas
feet pies
pregnant embarazada
pregnant encinta
pregnant esperando
pregnant panzona
pregnant preñada
competent atinado
competent capaz
competent competente
competent culto
competent inteligente
competent listo
competent pilas
competent preparado
fool animal
fool asno
fool baboso
fool bestia
fool bobo
fool boludo
fool bruto
fool burro
fool demente
fool dundo
fool estúpido
fool falto
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool incompetente
fool inepto
fool inútil
fool lelo
fool lerdo
fool limitado
fool menso
fool metepata
fool mongolito
fool necio
fool pasguato
fool pasmado
fool pazguato
fool pendejo
fool sonso
fool tarado
fool tarúpido
fool tonto
fool torpe
fool zonzo
fool zopenco
stranger forastero
coarseness babosada
coarseness grosería
coarseness porquería
coarseness tarugada
foolishness babosada
foolishness bobada
foolishness bobería
foolishness burrada
foolishness disparate
foolishness estupidez
foolishness fregadera
foolishness idiotada
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness insensatez
foolishness majadería
foolishness necedad
foolishness sandez
foolishness tontera
foolishness tontería
informer bocón
informer chismoso
informer delator
informer espía
informer informante
informer oreja
informer sapo
informer soplón
informer traidor
flatterer adulador
flatterer arrastrado
flatterer lameculos
flatterer lisonjero
flatterer salamero
flatterer servil
fluke carambola
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripazo
fluke chiripón
fluke dedazo
fluke leche
fluke milagro
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich millonario
rich platudo
rich ricachón
rich rico
boring antipático
boring desagradable
boring inaguantable
boring insoportable
boring jodido
boring jodión
boring molesto
boring odioso
boring pesado
boring terrible
lazy dejado
lazy flojo
lazy haragán
lazy holgazán
lazy huevón
lazy ocioso
lazy perezoso
lazy vago
poor acabado
poor limpio
poor miserable
poor palmado
poor pelado
poor pelagatos
poor pobre
poor pobrecito
poor pobretón
hello Aló.
hello Buenas.
hello Bueno.
hello Hola.
hello ¡Si!
hello ¿Aló?
hello ¿Hola?
hello ¿Sí?
hello Diga.
hello Dígame.
hell! ¡Híjole!
hell! ¡Hijueputa!
hell! ¡Uy!
hell! ¡Vaya!
hell! Ay.
hell! Carajo.
hell! Caramba.
hell! Caray.
hell! Chocho
hell! Jodido.
hell! Mierda.
hell! púchica
hell! Puta.
bye Adiós.
bye Bay.
bye Bueno.
bye Chao.
bye Okey.
annoying absurda
annoying asquerosa
annoying cruel
annoying desagradable
annoying desastre
annoying desgracia
annoying difícil
annoying dura
annoying fregado
annoying injusta
annoying mala
annoying mierda
annoying molesto
annoying porquería
annoying terrible
tremendous admirable
tremendous bárbaro
tremendous brillante
tremendous buenísimo
tremendous estrella
tremendous estupendo
tremendous excelente
tremendous extraordinario
tremendous fabuloso
tremendous genial
tremendous genio
tremendous increíble
tremendous maravilla
tremendous portento
tremendous sobresaliente
tremendous súper
tremendous tremendo
great! ¡Bárbaro!
great! ¡Buenísimo!
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Estupendo!
great! ¡Excelente!
great! ¡Fabuloso!
great! ¡Fenomenal!
great! ¡Genial!
great! ¡Increíble!
great! ¡Magnífico!
great! ¡Súper!
apparently aparentemente
apparently dicen
apparently posiblemente
apparently supuestamente
feverish ardiendo
feverish calentura
feverish calenturiento
feverish caliente
feverish hirviendo
sewer alcantarilla
sewer alcantarillado
sewer cloaca
sewer drenaje
sewer tragante
sewer tubería
stretcher andamios
stretcher carretillas
handle agarradera
handle argolla
handle oreja
pretty atractiva
pretty bella
pretty bonita
pretty guapa
pretty hermosa
pretty linda
pretty preciosa
uproar alboroto
uproar bochinche
uproar bulla
uproar bullicio
uproar escándalo
uproar fiesta
uproar gentío
uproar gritería
uproar griterío
uproar relajo
lock candado
lock cerradura
lock llavín
cord cinta
cord cordel
cord cordón
cord cuerda
cord mecate
cord soga
cord tira
ahead adelante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
thread ensartar
thread meter
angry arrecho
angry enfadado
angry incómodo
angry irritado
angry molesto
expel correr
expel despachar
expel despedir
expel echar
expel expulsar
expel sacar
fuck acostarse
fuck coger
fuck fornicar
fuck templar
fuck tirar
talkative bla-blá
talkative charlatán
talkative cotorra
talkative hablador
talkative hablantín
talkative loro
talkative parlanchín
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene inmoral
obscene obsceno
obscene porno
obscene pornográfico
obscene sucio
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercadería
merchandise mercancía
merchandise producto
knock-kneed chacueco
knock-kneed chueco
knock-kneed corneto
knock-kneed patuleco
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment impresión
presentiment palpitación
presentiment pálpito
presentiment premonición
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
presentiment sospecha
resin brea
resin resina
quarrel agarrada
quarrel agarrón
quarrel altercado
quarrel discusión
quarrel disputa
quarrel encontronazo
quarrel enfrentamiento
quarrel pelea
quarrel pleito
quarrel problema
quarrel riña
quarrel trifulca
delay atrasar
delay demorar
delay dilatar
delay retrasar
delay tardar
unfortunate demalas
unfortunate desafortunado
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate desgraciado
unfortunate infeliz
unfortunate salado
spoiled consentido
spoiled mimado
spoiled sobreprotegido
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast televisar
broadcast transmitir
camper acampante
camper campista
chalet quinta
coffin ataúd
coffin caja
coffin cajón
cook cocer
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging jogging
jogging trotar
landlady empleada
landlady sirvienta
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
peanut cacahuate
peanut maní
right! ¡Correcto!
right! ¡Exacto!
right! ¡Justamente!
scratch arañazo
scratch aruñazo
scratch aruñón
scratch rayón
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
sweetener endulzante
sweetener esplenda
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
thief tamal
bother fastidiar
bother fregar
bother joder
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss correrlo
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
oppose contradercirle
soft-soap cepillarle
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight agarrarse
fight pelear
junk cachivaches
junk calaches
junk chécheres
junk chunches
junk mierdas
junk tiliches
drizzle garúa
drizzle garuba
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined chabacán
pseudo-rifined cursi
sad acabado
sad achicopalado
sad acongojado
sad afligido
sad caído
sad decaído
sad deprimido
sad entristecido
sad triste
sleep cabecear
sleep dormir
sleep dormirse
vulture buitre
vulture zopilote
football fútbol
football futbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
goalkeeper portero
cheeks cachetes
cheeks mejillas
cheeks pómulos
