jacket americana
jacket chaqueta
cardigan jersey
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
sweater jersey
sweater pulóver
windbreaker cazadora
overalls mono
jeans jeans
jeans Lois
jeans vaquero
overcoat abrigo
overcoat chaqueta
shawl bufanda
pajamas pijama
skirt falda
ribbon cinta
ribbon diadema
hood capucha
earrings pendientes
hairnet prendedor
ring anillo
ring sortija
cufflinks gemelos
mascara pestañina
suspenders suspensores
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetines
slippers chancletas
slippers sandalias
slippers zapatillas
heel tacón
underskirt combinación
petticoart combinación
petticoart combinado
petticoart enagua
panties bragas
panties panti
brassiere sostén
brassiere sujetador
zipper cremallera
glasses gafas
glasses lentes
shorts calzoncillo
shorts pantaloncillo
swimsuit bañador
folder carpeta
valise cartera
valise maletín
bag bolso
suitcase maleta
handbag bolsa
handbag bolso
rucksack macuto
rucksack mochila
cupboard estante
faucet grifo
faucet llave
sink fregadero
sink lavabo
sink lavadero
cooker cocina
refrigerator frigorífico
refrigerator nevera
pot cacerola
pot olla
dishcloth bayeta
dishcloth estropajo
dishcloth paño
dishcloth trapo
straw absorbente
straw cañita
straw paja
coaster platillo
coaster posavasos
croissant croissant
roll bollo
roll panecillo
tart pastel
sandwich bocadillo
popcorn palomitas
scales balanza
scales kilo
bucket cubo
teat tetina
lighter encendedor
lighter mechero
earphones auriculares
baffle altavoces
switch interruptor
radio radio
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
blanket manta
bedspread colcha
bedspread cubrecama
hanger percha
washbasin lavabo
tank cisterna
bowl retrete
bowl sanitario
bowl water
bowl WC
shower ducha
rose ducha
bathtub bañera
dryer secador
landing rellano
bulb bombilla
stool taburete
glass cristal
match cerilla
match fósforo
peg pinza
peephole mirador
peephole mirilla
peephole visor
doorknob manilla
stroller carricoche
stroller carrito
deckchair hamaca
deckchair tumbona
wrench llave
car auto
car coche
fender parachoques
headlight faros
headlight luces
windsreen cristal
windsreen parabrisa
hood capó
winker intermitente
lock cerradura
lock manilla
lock seguro
trunk maletero
trunk portaequipajes
fender guardabarros
tire cubierta
wheel rueda
van camioneta
van furgoneta
jeep landrover
jeep todoterreno
bulldozer caterpillar
bulldozer excavadora
bus autobús
bus guagua
bus autocar
handlebar manillar
handlebar volante
silencer silencioso
minibus microbús
minibus minibús
scooter moto
scooter vespa
platform andén
rail carriles
rail raíles
tie travesaños
sidewalk acera
reception recepción
stewardess azafata
bill billete
bill ticket
pen pluma
stapler grapadora
staple grapas
blackboard encerado
blackboard pizarra
paperweight pisapapeles
paperweight sujetapapeles
computer computadora
computer lap
computer ordenador
stamp sello
stamp timbre
handle manivela
slingshot flecha
slingshot tirachinas
scooter patín
kite cometa
boat bote
boat cayuco
lawn césped
slide tobogán
bench banco
poster cartel
harmonica armónica
pancake pancake
pit hueso
cap ficha
can envase
filter filtro
tray bandeja
berth litera
basket cesta
clasp tuerca
washer lavadora
bobin carrete
needle agujas
cushion almohada
cushion cojín
q-tips bastoncito
plaster tirita
sling pañuelo
sling venda
attic ático
attic buhardilla
lock cerrojo
lock pestillo
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat chubasquero
raincoat impermeable
bolero blusa
fringe flecos
mitten guantes
pochette faltriquera
pochette monedero
cuff dobladillo
sandal chancletas
shorts calzoncillos
apron delantal
lipstick pintalabio
lipstick pintalabios
rollers rulos
chalk tiza
diary taco
block bloc
block cuaderno
photocopier fotocopiadora
marbles canicas
dart ruleta
skipping comba
skateboard monopatín
megaphone altavoz
pinwheel molinillo
parachute paracaídas
frisbee frisbee
boxing boxeo
goal portería
merry-go-round carrusel
binoculars largavista
convertible convertible
air-bag airbag
road autopista
saddle asiento
bar barra
can tanque
dam dique
dam presa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker megáfono
horn bocina
toilet baño
bootblack limpiabotas
directory guía
bankbook cartilla
bankbook tarjeta
spray spray
rotary glorieta
rotary rotonda
blind persiana
awning toldo
tripod tripié
wedge cuña
wedge taco
number dorsal
number número
fans afición
fans hinchas
brook arroyo
brook arroyuelo
brook riachuelo
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
slap cachete
bar bar
waiter camarero
switchboard centralita
pig cerdo
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
anger rabia
cost coste
cost costo
slope cuesta
slope pendiente
slope subida
amusement distracción
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
school colegio
school escuela
school pre-escolar
stay estancia
miss error
financier experto
bangs flequillo
plumber fontanero
stranger extranjero
stranger extraño
stranger forastero
form formulario
form solicitud
rubber caucho
rubber goma
rubber resina
rubber savia
beauty bonito
grass césped
grass grama
grass hierba
concrete cemento
concrete hormigón
graduate egresado
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate profesional
degree doctorado
degree grado
degree licenciatura
degree título
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount rebaja
call llamada
whip látigo
teacher maestro
teacher señorita
weeds maleza
weeds matorral
spring fuente
spring manantial
butter mantequilla
block manzana
cheek mejillas
monkey chimpancé
monkey mono
mosquito mosquito
jackknife navaja
chance ocasión
chance oportunidad
potato patata
sponsor patrocinador
toll peaje
laziness haragán
laziness pereza
banana banana
policeman agente
policeman policía
policeman vigilante
dust polvareda
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
grade calificación
grade nota
kerosene gas
kerosene petróleo
pickpocket ladronzuelo
pickpocket ratero
raid redada
relation relación
slip resbalón
rumor chisme
rumor rumor
hissing pitar
hissing silbido
position ubicación
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery corrupción
bribery soborno
change cambio
change monedas
change suelto
bar cantina
bar taberna
bar tasca
tidbits aperitivo
tidbits canapés
tidbits tapa
tidbits tentempié
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store tienda
shooting tiroteo
courage coraje
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientecito
visa visado
glance ojeada
glance vistazo
change vuelta
walk vueltecita
sharp afilado
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
here acá
here aquí
risky arriesgado
risky peligroso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute alerta
astute atento
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious avaro
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin escuálido
inside adentro
inside dentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
where ¿adónde?
angry disgustado
angry enfadado
angry enojado
angry molesto
often frecuentemente
outside afuera
grayish gris
grayish grisáceo
grayish plomizo
skillfull bueno
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful bonito
beautiful hermoso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligero
filthy mugriento
very muy
little chavalillo
little chico
little niño
little pequeño
dusty polvoriento
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast pronto
fast rápido
clear acicalado
clear arreglado
clear impecable
clear nítido
which ¿cuál?
radiant radiante
radio radiofónico
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
cold catarro
cold constipado
cold resfriado
broken roto
coarse bruto
coarse grosero
coarse loco
coarse patán
coarse rudo
slant torcido
annoy contrariar
arrive llegar
break romper
clear chapear
desorient desorientar
desorient despistar
dial marcar
dismiss cesar
drive conducir
encourage mejorar
escape escapar
fill empastar
gossip chismorrear
impress impresionar
kill asesinar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
lick lamer
light encender
matter disgustar
matter enojar
matter importar
overturn volcar
overturn volcarse
pamper mimar
park aparcar
postpone aplazar
postpone retrasar
puff fumar
pull tirar
punch golpear
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
return regresar
search registrar
seem suponer
shake mover
shake sacudir
shoot disparar
sponsor patrocinar
throw echar
throw tirar
tie atar
turn cruzar
turn girar
undress desnudarse
value valorar
watch asomarse
watch mirar
whistle silbar
grind estudioso
truant faltón
cheat copiar
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale chivato
bully agresivo
meek tímido
repeater desaprobado
repeater suspenso
boss jefe
tired agotado
tired cansado
party fiesta
plainclothes-man agente
plainclothes-man detective
prison cárcel
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette pitillo
storm diluvio
horns cuernos
contact enchufe
trouble lío
beating paliza
beating somanta
baby bebé
drunken borracho
beat apalear
beat golpear
thin esqueleto
thin flaco
fat gordo
tall alto
short bajito
short enano
charming encantadora
attractive guapo
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling cochino
head coco
hair pelo
feet patas
feet patitas
pregnant embarazada
competent inteligente
fool bobo
fool burro
fool demente
fool estúpido
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool necio
fool tonto
coarseness grosería
foolishness barbaridad
foolishness bobada
informer chismoso
informer espía
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich millonario
rich rico
boring insoportable
boring pesado
lazy holgazán
lazy perezoso
lazy vago
poor pobre
hello Aló.
hello Dígame.
hell! ¡Coño!
hell! ¡Vaya!
hell! Ay.
bye Adiós.
tremendous estupendo
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Estupendo!
feverish acalentado
pretty bonita
pretty guapa
pretty hermosa
uproar jaleo
cord cuerda
ahead delante
angry cabreado
expel despedir
expel echar
fuck follar
fuck fornicar
talkative hablador
obscene degenerado
merchandise mercancía
skin piel
presentiment presentimiento
quarrel disputa
quarrel pelea
delay tardar
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate desgraciado
spoiled mimado
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast transmitir
camper campista
chalet chalet
coffin ataúd
cook cocer
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim descanso
interview entrevistar
jogging correr
jogging footing
landlady sirvienta
obstinate necio
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
peanut cacahuete
scratch arañazo
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
bother fastidiar
bother joder
bribe comprar
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
oppose contradercirle
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight pelear
junk cacharros
junk cachivaches
junk trastos
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined cursi
sad afligido
sad triste
sleep dormir
sleep dormirse
vulture buitre
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
goalkeeper guardameta
goalkeeper portero
cheeks mejillas
