jacket saco
cardigan cárdigan
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
t-shirt suéter
sweater suéter
windbreaker campera
windbreaker jacket
overalls jardinera
overalls mameluco
overalls mono
overalls overol
poncho mañanita
poncho poncho
poncho ruana
jeans jeans
jeans vaquero
jeans vaqueros
overcoat abrigo
overcoat sobretodo
shawl chal
shawl estola
shawl mantilla
shawl mantón
shawl pashmina
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
ribbon huincha
ribbon vincha
hood capucha
hood capuchón
earrings aretes
earrings argollas
earrings aros
hairnet redecilla
ring anillo
ring sortija
cufflinks gemelos
cufflinks mancuernas
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks medias
slippers chinelas
slippers pantuflas
heel tacón
underskirt enagua
underskirt peticote
petticoart peticote
panties panti
brassiere brassiere
zipper cierre
zipper zíper
clasp botón
glasses anteojos
glasses espejuelos
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
shorts jokey
shorts slip
folder carpeta
folder cartapacio
folder folder
valise maletín
valise portafolios
valise valija
bag bolso
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
suitcase valija
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
dishwasher lavaplatos
dishwasher lavavajilla
cupboard alacena
cupboard aparador
cupboard estante
faucet llave
faucet pluma
sink fregador
cooker estufa
cooker parrilla
refrigerator refri
refrigerator refrigeradora
pot cacerola
pot olla
dishcloth limpión
dishcloth paño
dishcloth trapo
straw carrizo
straw pajilla
coaster portavasos
croissant croissant
roll pancito
roll viena
tart tarta
sandwich emparedado
sandwich sándwich
popcorn pocorn
scales balanza
scales pesa
bucket balde
bucket cubo
teat chupón
teat mamón
lighter encendedor
lighter fosforera
lighter lighter
earphones audífonos
earphones auriculares
baffle altoparlantes
baffle bocinas
baffle parlantes
baffle speakers
switch interruptor
switch luz
switch switch
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
bedroom recámara
chandelier velador
blanket frazada
blanket manta
bedspread colcha
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread edredón
bedspread sobrecama
hanger gancho
hanger percha
washbasin lavamanos
washbasin lavatorio
tank tanque
bowl excusado
bowl servicio
bowl taza
bowl water
shower baño
shower regadera
rose ducha
rose regadera
bathtub bañadera
bathtub bañera
dryer blower
dryer secador
dryer secadora
landing descanso
bulb bombillo
bulb foco
stool banco
stool banquillo
stool banquito
stool taburete
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg horquilla
peephole mirador
peephole mirilla
doorknob manija
doorknob perilla
doorknob tirador
stroller coche
stroller cochecito
deckchair cheslon
deckchair perezosa
wrench llave
car auto
car automóvil
car carro
fender bomper
fender defensa
fender parachoques
headlight faros
headlight focos
headlight luces
headlight silbines
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
windsreen vidrio
hood tapa
winker direccional
lock seguro
trunk baúl
trunk maletero
trunk valijera
fender guardafangos
tire llanta
tire neumático
tire rueda
wheel llanta
wheel rueda
van camioneta
van camionetita
van furgón
van furgoneta
van panel
van van
jeep todoterreno
trailer camper
trailer carro-casa
trailer remolque
trailer trailer
bulldozer buldózer
bulldozer excavadora
bulldozer retroexcavadora
bus autobús
bus bus
bus metrobús
handlebar manubrio
silencer mofle
silencer silenciador
exhaust mofle
minibus busito
minibus coaster
minibus van
scooter moto
scooter motoneta
platform andén
platform pasillo
platform plataforma
rail carriles
rail rieles
rail vías
tie durmientes
tie travesaños
sidewalk acera
reception recepción
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
bill pasaje
elevator elevador
pen bolígrafo
pen pluma
stapler engrapadora
stapler grapadora
stapler ponchadora
stapler presilladora
staple clips
staple grapas
staple presillas
blackboard pizarra
blackboard pizarrón
blackboard tablero
paperweight pisapapeles
paperweight sujetapapeles
computer computadora
computer lap
stamp estampilla
stamp sello
handle mango
handle manija
handle manivela
slingshot biombo
slingshot hondita
scooter escuter
scooter monopatín
scooter patineta
tent carpa
kite cometa
kite pandero
boat bote
boat canoa
boat cayuco
lawn césped
lawn grama
slide surradero
slide tobogán
bench banca
bench banco
poster afiche
poster cartel
poster poster
jukebox rocola
jukebox traganíquel
harmonica armónica
pancake pancake
pit carozo
pit pepa
pit semilla
packet caja
packet portabotellas
demijohn bidón
demijohn botella
demijohn galón
cap chapa
cap chapita
cap tapa
can botella
can lata
colander colador
ladle cucharito
drainboard cernidora
mixer barillas
filter filtro
knifegrinder afilador
knifegrinder amolador
knifegrinder esmeril
knifegrinder lima
tray bandeja
dishcloth repasador
basket canastilla
clasp abrazadera
washer lavarropa
bobin carrete
bobin carretel
cushion almohadón
stool escalera
q-tips cotonete
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
attic altillo
attic ático
lock pasador
lock tranca
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
turtleneck polera
raincoat impermeable
raincoat piloto
bolero bolero
bolero chaleco
sportshirt chomba
sportshirt remera
smock bata
smock mameluco
fringe flecos
mitten manoplas
pochette riñonera
sandal playeras
studs spike
studs taquillas
apron delantal
chalk tiza
block cuaderno
photocopier fotocopiadora
marbles bolitas
hoop aro
hoop hula-hula
skateboard patineta
megaphone parlante
pinwheel hélice
pinwheel molinete
parachute paracaídas
frisbee disco
frisbee frisbee
boxing boxeo
binoculars anteojos
binoculars largavista
convertible decapotable
air-bag airbag
road autopista
saddle asiento
bar barra
bar mostrador
dam dique
dam represa
loudspeaker megáfono
loudspeaker parlante
horn bocina
toilet baño
toilet servicio
directory guía
bankbook libreta
spray spray
rotary rotonda
toothpaste dentífrico
loudspeaker micrófono
blind persiana
awning tolda
awning toldo
tripod tripié
battery pilas
wedge cuña
check-room casillero
drain alcantarilla
carrycot canguro
number número
strecher camilla
brook arroyo
slap bofetada
bar snack
puff chupada
puff pitada
waiter mozo
pig cerdo
pig chancho
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
avarice ambición
shell caparazón
chat charla
anger rabia
cost costo
slope pendiente
amusement distracción
amusement diversión
school colegio
stay estadía
miss error
financier experto
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
form formulario
rubber savia
beauty bonito
beauty lindo
grass pasto
concrete hormigón
graduate profesional
degree licenciatura
degree título
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
call llamada
whip chicote
whip garrotillo
whip látigo
teacher maestro
spring manantial
block cuadra
block manzana
cheek mejillas
monkey mono
mosquito mosquito
chance ocasión
chance oportunidad
toll tarifa
laziness pereza
banana banana
policeman agente
dust polvareda
spokesman portavoz
grade calificación
grade puntaje
kerosene querosén
kerosene querosín
pickpocket carterista
pickpocket ratero
raid redada
relation relación
slip patinada
slip resbalón
rumor chisme
highlander campesino
hissing pitazo
position lugar
position ubicación
arrogance soberbia
bribery coima
change sencillo
bar bar
tidbits aperitivo
tidbits picada
earthquake sismo
earthquake terremoto
shooting tiroteo
courage coraje
breeze vientito
glance ojeada
glance vistazo
change vuelto
walk vueltita
approximately aproximadamente
here acá
avaricious ambicioso
thin escuálido
angry emputado
angry encabronado
angry enojado
grayish grisáceo
grayish plomizo
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful bonito
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
weak débil
weak ligerito
filthy cochino
little joven
clear arreglado
radiant feliz
radio radial
cold resfriado
cold resfrío
broken quebrado
coarse patán
slant inclinado
annoy contrariar
annoy hinchar
arrive llegar
break romper
clear corpir
desorient descolocar
desorient despistar
desorient desubicar
desorient engañar
dial discar
dial marcar
dismiss despedir
dismiss echar
dismiss sacar
drench mojado
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage mejorar
escape zafar
escape zafarse
fill empastar
fill tapar
gossip criticar
gossip murmurar
hurry apresurarse
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kill asesinar
kill liquidar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel postrarse
lick lamer
light encender
matter disgustar
matter enojar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcar
pamper consentir
pamper malcriar
pamper mimar
pamper tolerar
park estacionar
postpone atrasar
postpone retrasar
puff aspirar
puff fumar
pull tirar
punch pegar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
search allanar
search rastrear
search registrar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake sacudir
shake zarandear
shoot disparar
shoot tirotear
skin despellejar
sponsor auspiciar
throw tirar
tie atar
trick bolear
turn doblar
turn girar
undress desvestirse
unpack desembalar
unpack desempacar
upset apenar
upset entristecer
value evaluar
value tasar
watch mirar
whistle silbar
grind comelibros
grind estudioso
grind nerd
grind tragalibros
truant fayuto
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat copiar
tell-tale bocón
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale chupamedias
tell-tale soplón
flatterer adulón
flatterer chupamedias
bully agresivo
bully buscapleitos
bully patotero
bully pesado
meek callado
meek cerrado
meek introvertido
meek reservado
meek retraído
meek tímido
hooligans insoportables
hooligans patoteros
repeater aplazados
repeater burro
repeater repitente
repeater reprobado
boss jefe
tired agotado
tired caigüé
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired desganado
tired molido
tired muerto
penniless jodido
penniless pelado
penniless sogüé
party farra
party fiesta
policeman poli
plainclothes-man piragüe
plainclothes-man soplón
prison calabozo
prison cárcel
prison chirona
prison comisaría
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette pitillo
beer birra
beer cervecita
beer rubia
drug droga
drug estupefaciente
drug macoña
drug marihuana
drug pichicata
drug piedra
storm temporal
storm tormenta
horns cuernos
horns movida
contact palanca
contact recomendaciones
contact socio
trouble coraje
trouble lío
trouble problema
beating bofetada
beating paliza
beating sopapo
baby bebé
baby bebecito
baby bebita
baby bebito
baby criaturita
drunken borracho
drunken jumado
drunken mamado
drunken tomado
beat apalear
beat garrotear
beat golpear
beat masacrar
beat pegar
beat reventar
thin esquelético
thin flaco
thin flacucho
fat barrigón
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat obeso
fat panzón
fat rechoncho
tall alto
tall enorme
tall gigante
tall larguirucho
tall matungo
short bajito
short chaparrito
short enano
short petiso
short petizo
short retacón
charming bonita
charming cueraso
charming diosa
charming divina
charming guapa
charming linda
charming muñeca
attractive apuesto
attractive atractivo
attractive papacito
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling asqueroso
bad-smelling cochino
bad-smelling mugriento
bad-smelling puerco
head cabeza
head coco
hair cabello
hair pelambre
hair pelo
feet patas
feet pies
pregnant embarazada
pregnant encinta
pregnant gordita
competent capaz
competent culto
competent inteligente
competent preparado
fool animal
fool bestia
fool bodoque
fool bruto
fool burro
fool huevón
fool pajarón
fool pelotudo
fool tarado
fool tolongo
fool tonto
coarseness grosería
foolishness bobada
foolishness bobería
foolishness burrada
foolishness disparate
foolishness estupidez
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness tontería
spaniard gallego
spaniard hispano
informer bocón
informer chismoso
informer delator
informer soplón
informer traidor
flatterer adulador
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripazo
fluke chiripón
fluke leche
fluke suerte
rich millonario
rich platudo
rich ricachón
rich rico
boring antipático
boring cansador
boring fastidioso
boring latoso
boring pesado
boring plomazo
lazy flojo
lazy haragán
lazy perezoso
poor pelado
poor pelagatos
poor pobre
poor pobretón
hello Hola.
hello Hello.
hell! Ay.
hell! Carajo.
hell! Caramba.
hell! puta.
hell! Mierda.
hell! Pucha.
bye Chao.
bye Chau.
annoying absurda
annoying cagada
annoying complicada
annoying desastre
annoying difícil
annoying dura
annoying molesto
tremendous admirable
tremendous brillante
tremendous estupendo
tremendous excelente
tremendous extraordinario
tremendous genial
tremendous ídolo
tremendous notable
tremendous sobresaliente
great! ¡Buenísimo!
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Estupendo!
great! ¡Excelente!
great! ¡Fenomenal!
great! ¡Genial!
great! ¡Increíble!
apparently aparentemente
apparently posiblemente
apparently supuestamente
feverish afiebrado
feverish ardiendo
feverish febril
sewer albañal
sewer alcantarillado
sewer cloaca
stretcher carretillas
handle asa
pretty atractiva
pretty bella
pretty bonita
pretty guapa
pretty hermosa
pretty linda
pretty preciosa
uproar algarabía
uproar bullicio
lock candado
lock cerradura
lock pestillo
cord cordón
cord cuerda
ahead adelante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
angry bravo
angry cabreado
angry fastidiado
angry irritado
expel despedir
expel echar
expel expulsar
fuck acostarse
fuck coger
fuck pichar
talkative charlatán
talkative cotorra
talkative hablador
talkative perico
obscene porno
obscene pornográfico
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercadería
knock-kneed chueco
knock-kneed patuleco
knock-kneed zambo
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment impresión
presentiment pálpito
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
resin resina
quarrel altercado
quarrel discusión
quarrel pelea
quarrel problema
delay retrasar
delay tardar
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate desgraciado
spoiled consentido
spoiled mimado
spoiled sobreprotegido
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast transmitir
camper campista
coffin caja
coffin cajón
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interview entrevistar
jogging correr
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
obstinate cabeciduro
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
peanut maní
scratch arañazo
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
sweetener splenda
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
thief ratero
bother fastidiar
bother fregar
bother joder
bribe coimear
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss botar
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
oppose contradercirle
soft-soap cepillarle
soft-soap lambisconear
wink guiñar
fight pelear
junk cachivaches
drizzle garúa
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined cursi
sleep dormirse
football fútbol
football futbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
goalkeeper arquero
cheeks cachetes
cheeks mejillas
