jacket saco
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
sweater suéter
windbreaker chumpa
overalls overol
poncho mañanita
poncho poncho
jeans azulón
jeans jeans
overcoat abrigo
shawl chal
shawl pashmina
pajamas payama
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
ribbon vincha
hood capucha
hood gorro
earrings aretes
earrings argollas
earrings aritos
hairnet redecilla
ring anillo
cufflinks mancuernas
cufflinks mancuernillas
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetines
slippers pantuflas
heel tacón
underskirt saya
petticoart forro
panties blúmer
panties calzón
zipper zíper
clasp broche
glasses anteojos
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
folder folder
valise maletín
suitcase maleta
suitcase valija
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
dishwasher lavaplatos
cupboard alacena
faucet grifo
faucet llave
sink fregadero
sink lavaplatos
sink lavatrastes
cooker estufa
refrigerator refri
refrigerator refrigeradora
pot olla
dishcloth trapo
straw pajilla
coaster portavasos
croissant croissant
roll bollito
roll bollo
roll pancito
tart pastel
sandwich sándwich
popcorn palomitas
popcorn pocorn
scales balanza
scales báscula
scales pesa
bucket balde
teat mamadera
lighter encendedor
earphones audífonos
earphones cascos
baffle parlantes
baffle speakers
switch botón
switch interruptor
switch switch
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
chandelier lámpara
chandelier lamparita
blanket cobija
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread edredón
hanger gancho
washbasin lavamanos
tank tanque
bowl servicio
shower ducha
rose ducha
bathtub bañera
dryer pistola
dryer secadora
landing grada
landing peldaño
bulb bombillo
bulb foco
stool banco
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg gancho
peephole ojo
doorknob perilla
stroller coche
stroller cochecito
wrench llave
car carro
fender bomper
fender parachoques
headlight focos
headlight luces
windsreen vidrio
hood capó
winker vías
lock seguro
trunk baúl
trunk cajuela
fender guardafangos
tire llanta
tire rueda
wheel rueda
van busito
van camioneta
van pickup
van camioncito
van microbús
jeep jeep
trailer carro-casa
bulldozer excavadora
bulldozer retroexcavadora
bus autobús
bus bus
handlebar manubrio
silencer escape
silencer silenciador
exhaust escape
minibus busito
minibus rapidito
scooter moto
scooter motoneta
scooter scooter
platform andén
rail líneas
rail rieles
tie durmientes
sidewalk acera
reception lobby
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
bill ticket
pen bolígrafo
pen pluma
stapler grapadora
staple grapas
blackboard pizarra
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computadora
stamp estampilla
stamp sello
handle mango
slingshot honda
kite barrilete
kite cometa
boat bote
boat cayuco
lawn grama
slide deslizador
slide tobogán
bench banca
poster afiche
poster cartel
jukebox rocola
harmonica armónica
harmonica dulzaina
pancake panqueque
pit semilla
demijohn botellón
demijohn galón
cap chapa
cap tapa
can botella
can envase
colander colador
colander escurridor
ladle cucharón
drainboard cernidor
turner espátula
mixer batidor
mixer batidora
filter filtro
knifegrinder afilador
knifegrinder lima
tray azafate
tray charola
cupboard mueble
playpen baranda
playpen barandal
playpen corralito
berth litera
basket canasta
clasp abrazadera
washer lavadora
bobin carrete
cushion cojín
stool banquito
stool taburete
q-tips hisopo
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
attic ático
attic desván
lock aldaba
lock cerrojo
lock pasador
toothbrush cepillo
wardrobe armario
wardrobe closet
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat capote
bolero bolerito
bolero bolero
sportshirt polo
smock mameluco
fringe flecos
mitten guantes
pochette cangurera
cuff doblez
sandal sandalias
studs tacos
shorts boxer
shorts boxers
shorts calzoncillos
apron delantal
lipstick labial
lipstick lipstick
rollers rulos
chalk tiza
chalk yeso
diary agenda
block libreta
checkbook chequera
checkbook talonario
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles canicas
marbles mables
marbles maules
dart dardo
hoop aro
hoop hula-hoop
skipping cuerda
skateboard patineta
megaphone altavoz
megaphone megáfono
pinwheel hélice
pinwheel rehilete
parachute paracaídas
frisbee frisbee
boxing boxeo
goal arco
goal portería
merry-go-round caballitos
merry-go-round carrusel
binoculars largavista
binoculars binocular
convertible convertible
convertible descapotable
air-bag airbag
road autopista
road carretera
saddle asiento
bar bar
bar barra
can barril
can dron
can tambo
can tonel
dam dique
dam embalse
dam presa
dam represa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker megáfono
horn pito
toilet baño
toilet sanitario
toilet servicio
bootblack lustrabotas
bootblack lustrador
janitor aseadora
janitor barrendera
janitor barrendero
directory directorio
directory guía
bankbook libreta
spray aerosol
spray atomizador
spray spray
rotary redondel
rotary rotonda
blind persiana
awning toldo
tripod trípode
battery baterías
battery pilas
pushcart carretilla
wedge cuña
check-room casillero
check-room locker
drain alcantarilla
drain tragante
carrycot cargador
number número
strecher camilla
fans aficionados
fans barra
fans fanáticos
fans seguidores
sting aguijón
apricot albaricoque
food alimento
raising subida
brook quebrada
murderer asesino
slap bofetada
slap cachetada
bar café
bar cafetería
puff golpe
puff jalón
puff jalones
waiter camarero
waiter mesero
switchboard centralita
pig cerdo
pig chancho
pig marrano
pig puerco
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
cooking cocida
cooking cocinada
cooking cocinar
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell carapacho
shell concha
chat chambre
chat conversación
chat plática
chat platicada
anger arrechura
anger cólera
anger enojo
anger rabia
cost costo
cost inversión
crossing cruce
crossing mezcla
slope cuesta
slope loma
slope pendiente
slope subida
bay bahía
bay ensenada
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
amusement pasatiempo
school colegio
school escuela
school instituto
school pre-escolar
stay estadía
stay estancia
stay permanencia
miss equivocación
miss error
miss falla
miss fallo
miss falta
financier analista
financier asesor
financier consultor
financier economista
financier experto
bangs fleco
bangs flequillo
bangs recorte
plumber fontanero
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger fuereño
stranger turista
form cuestionario
form ficha
form formulario
form solicitud
rubber leche
rubber resina
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty hermosura
beauty lindo
grass monte
grass pasto
grass zacate
iron hierro
concrete concreto
concrete hormigón
concrete mezcla
hospital hospital
graduate diplomado
graduate egresado
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate profesional
graduate titulado
degree doctorado
degree grado
degree licenciatura
degree maestría
degree título
discount descuento
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount promoción
discount rebaja
discount remate
call llamada
arrival llegada
whip chilillo
whip correa
whip látigo
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds maleza
weeds matorral
weeds monte
spring fuente
spring manantial
spring nacimiento
butter crema
butter mantequilla
block bloque
block cuadra
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
peach durazno
peach melocotón
monkey chango
monkey mico
monkey mono
mosquito mosquito
mosquito zancudo
jackknife cuchilla
jackknife navaja
jackknife puñal
worker jornalero
worker obrero
chance chance
chance ocasión
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
seafront malecón
seafront paseo
potato papa
sponsor patrocinador
sponsor promotor
toll peaje
laziness desidia
laziness flojera
laziness haraganería
laziness hueva
laziness huevonada
laziness pereza
laziness vagancia
apartment apartamento
banana banano
banana guineo
policeman policía
dust polvadera
dust polvareda
dust polvazal
dust remolino
spokesman delegado
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade calificación
grade nota
grade puntaje
grade puntos
grade puntuación
grade resultado
kerosene querosén
kerosene querosene
pickpocket carterista
pickpocket ladrón
pickpocket malandro
pickpocket raterito
pickpocket ratero
raid allanamiento
raid arresto
raid operación
raid operativo
raid redada
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing reparación
slip deslizón
slip patinada
slip resbalón
slip tropezón
rumor bola
rumor chisme
rumor comentarios
rumor habladuría
rumor rumor
highlander serrano
hissing chiflido
hissing silbido
position localización
position posición
position ubicación
arrogance altanería
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance pedantería
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery coima
bribery mordida
bribery soborno
change cambio
change monedas
change suelto
bar cantina
tidbits boca
tidbits boquita
earthquake sismo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting tirazón
shooting tiroteo
courage huevos
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientecito
breeze vientito
visa visa
glance mirada
glance miradita
glance ojeada
glance ojo
glance vistazo
change vuelto
walk vueltecita
sharp afilado
sharp filoso
sharp filudo
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
approximately casi
approximately como
here acá
here aquí
risky arriesgado
risky peligroso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute abusado
astute atento
astute avispado
astute buzo
astute chispa
astute despierto
astute listo
astute pila
astute vivo
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious avaro
avaricious codicioso
against renuente
thin delgado
thin escuálido
inside adentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
where ¿adónde?
angry encabronado
angry enojado
angry furioso
angry molesto
often normalmente
often seguido
outside afuera
greasy grasiento
greasy grasoso
grayish grisoso
grayish plomo
skillfull bueno
skillfull capaz
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful agradable
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak light
weak liviano
filthy mugriento
filthy mugroso
very bien
very muy
little niño
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoso
perhaps derrepente
perhaps igual
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast luego
fast rápido
clear acicalado
clear arregladito
clear arreglado
clear nítido
which ¿cuál?
radiant feliz
radio radial
radio radiofónico
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold constipado
cold gripe
cold resfriado
broken quebrado
broken roto
coarse grosero
coarse jayán
coarse maleducado
coarse odioso
coarse ordinario
coarse patán
coarse pesado
coarse tosco
slant chueco
slant desalineado
slant desviado
slant inclinado
slant ladeado
slant torcido
annoy contrariar
annoy fregar
annoy joder
arrive llegar
break destrozar
break quebrar
break romper
clear chapear
clear desbrozar
clear desyerbar
clear limpiar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
desorient desubicar
desorient engañar
dial marcar
dismiss botar
dismiss correr
dismiss despedir
dismiss echar
dismiss suspender
drench mojado
drive manejar
encourage incentivar
encourage motivado
escape deshacerse
escape liberarse
escape librarse
fill tapar
gossip chismear
gossip chismiar
gossip chismorrear
gossip comentar
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kill asesinar
kill liquidar
kill matar
kill ultimar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick chupar
lick lamber
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter encabronar
matter enojar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcar
pamper alcahuetear
pamper malcriar
pamper tolerar
park estacionar
park parquear
postpone posponer
postpone retrasar
puff fumar
pull jalar
punch golpear
punch pegar
punch trompear
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require precisar
require requerir
return regresar
search buscar
search examinar
search inspeccionar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake agitar
shake jamaquear
shake sacudir
shake zarandear
shoot balear
shoot disparar
shoot tirotear
skin desollar
skin pelar
sponsor patrocinar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
trick confundir
trick mentir
trick timar
turn doblar
turn voltear
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desembalar
unpack desempacar
unpack desenvolver
value cotizar
value evaluar
value valorar
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle silbar
grind garrotero
grind machetero
truant ausentista
truant faltista
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat chepear
cheat copiar
tell-tale bocón
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale sapo
tell-tale tapudo
flatterer arrastrado
flatterer boa
flatterer culebra
flatterer lambiscón
bully agresivo
bully belicoso
bully buscapleitos
bully peleonero
bully provocador
meek aislado
meek callado
meek introvertido
meek tímido
hooligans desastrosos
hooligans gavilla
hooligans insoportables
hooligans malandros
repeater aplazados
repeater repitente
repeater reprobado
boss jefe
boss patrón
pay salario
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired desganado
tired fundido
tired molido
tired muerto
tired reventado
penniless acabado
party fiesta
policeman chafa
policeman chepo
plainclothes-man agente
plainclothes-man oreja
prison bote
prison cárcel
prison mamo
cigarette cigarro
beer birra
beer birria
beer cervecita
beer chela
drug droga
drug hierba]yerba
drug marihuana
drug mota
storm aguacero
storm temporal
horns cachos
horns cuernos
horns movida
contact argolla
contact conecte
contact contacto
contact enchufe
contact palanca
trouble enojo
trouble lío
trouble problema
beating cuereada
beating fajazo
beating nalgada
beating pescozón
beating sopapo
beating trompada
baby bebé
baby chichí
drunken bebido
drunken bolo
drunken borracho
beat golpear
beat macanear
beat pegar
beat pijear
beat sopapear
thin delgadito
thin flaco
thin palo
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat obeso
fat panzón
fat rechoncho
fat tanque
fat timbón
tall alto
tall jirafa
tall jirafón
short bajito
short chaparrito
short chaparro
short enano
short tapón
charming bonita
charming buena
charming buenísima
charming cueraso
charming cuerazo
charming cuero
charming culazo
charming guapa
charming linda
attractive buenísimo
attractive bueno
attractive guapísimo
attractive guapo
attractive papacito
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling cerdo
bad-smelling chancho
bad-smelling chuco
bad-smelling hediondo
bad-smelling shuco
head cabeza
head coco
head maceta
head morro
hair greña
hair mechas
hair pelo
feet patas
feet patitas
feet pies
feet pieses
pregnant embarazada
pregnant esperando
pregnant panzona
competent buso
competent capaz
competent competente
competent inteligente
competent pilas
fool bruto
fool burro
fool dundo
fool estúpido
fool falto
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool inútil
fool lelo
fool lento
fool pánfilo
fool pendejo
fool tarado
fool tonto
coarseness grosería
foolishness babosada
foolishness burrada
foolishness estupidez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness pendejada
foolishness tontera
spaniard gachupín
informer bocón
informer chismoso
informer oreja
informer sapo
flatterer adulador
flatterer pelota
fluke carambola
fluke casualidad
fluke chepa
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripón
fluke leche
fluke milagro
rich adinerado
rich millonario
rich rico
boring desagradable
boring insoportable
boring jodión
boring mamón
boring pesado
boring plasta
lazy flojo
lazy gandul
lazy haragán
lazy huevón
lazy ocioso
lazy vago
poor acabado
poor limpio
poor pelado
poor pobre
hello Aló.
hello Buenas.
hello ¿Aló?
hello ¿Hola?
hello ¿Sí?
hello Diga.
hell! ¡Híjole!
hell! ¡Hijueputa!
hell! ¡Uy!
hell! pucha.
hell! Mierda.
hell! Pucha.
hell! púchica
hell! Puta.
bye Adiós.
bye Bay.
bye Cheque
annoying desagradable
annoying molesto
tremendous admirable
tremendous buenísimo
tremendous excelente
tremendous pilas
tremendous sobresaliente
tremendous súper
great! ¡Bien!
great! ¡Buenísimo!
great! ¡Excelente!
great! ¡Increíble!
great! ¡Súper!
apparently dicen
apparently dizque
apparently seguro
apparently supuestamente
feverish acalenturado
feverish ardiendo
feverish calentura
feverish hirviendo
sewer alcantarilla
sewer cloaca
stretcher camillas
stretcher carretillas
handle agarradera
handle oreja
pretty bonita
pretty guapa
pretty linda
pretty preciosa
uproar alboroto
uproar algarabía
uproar desmadre
uproar escándalo
uproar farra
uproar fiesta
uproar relajo
lock candado
lock cerradura
lock llavín
cord cabuya
cord cordel
cord cuerda
cord mecate
cord pita
ahead adelante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
angry arrecho
angry bravo
angry colérico
expel correr
expel despachar
expel despedir
expel echar
fuck acostarse
fuck coger
fuck pisar
talkative hablantín
talkative loro
talkative platicador
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene inmoral
obscene obsceno
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercadería
merchandise producto
knock-kneed corneto
knock-kneed corvetas
skin piel
presentiment impresión
presentiment palpitación
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
resin brea
resin resina
quarrel agarrada
quarrel enfrentamiento
quarrel pelea
quarrel pleito
delay dilatar
delay retrasar
delay tardar
unfortunate desgraciado
unfortunate salado
spoiled consentido
spoiled malcriado
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast emitir
broadcast transmitir
coffin ataúd
coffin cajón
cook cocer
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging trotar
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
obstinate cabezón
peanut cacahuate
right! ¡Correcto!
right! ¡Exacto!
scratch arañazo
scratch aruñón
scratch rayón
steal huevear
steal robar
sweetener esplenda
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
bother fregar
bother joder
bribe coimear
bribe comprar
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss correrlo
dismiss despedirle
exaggerate exagerar
oppose contradercirle
soft-soap lambisconear
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight agarrarse
fight pelear
junk calaches
junk chucherías
junk chunches
junk tiliches
drizzle garúa
drizzle garuba
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined cursi
pseudo-rifined ordinario
pseudo-rifined recargado
sad afligido
sad angustiado
sad caído
sad decaído
sad deprimido
sad mal
sad triste
sleep dormir
vulture buitre
vulture zope
vulture zopilote
football fútbol
football futbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
fullback zaguero
goalkeeper arquero
goalkeeper guardameta
goalkeeper portero
cheeks cachetes
cheeks mejillas
