jacket chaqueta
jacket saco
cardigan abrigo
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
t-shirt franela
t-shirt suéter
sweater suéter
windbreaker chaqueta
overalls braga
overalls overol
poncho poncho
poncho ruana
overcoat abrigo
overcoat chaqueta
shawl bufanda
shawl chal
shawl estola
shawl pashmina
pajamas pishama
skirt falda
ribbon cinta
ribbon cintillo
hood capucha
hood gorro
earrings zarcillos
ring anillo
ring sortija
cufflinks mancornas
cufflinks yuntas
mascara máscara
mascara rímel
suspenders elásticas
suspenders tirantes
socks medias
slippers cholas
slippers pantuflas
heel tacón
underskirt fondo
petticoart fondo
panties pantaleta
panties panti
brassiere brassiere
brassiere sostén
zipper cierre
clasp botón
clasp broche
glasses anteojos
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
folder carpeta
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag bolsa
bag bolso
bag cartera
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
handbag cartera
rucksack morral
dishwasher lavaplatos
cupboard armario
cupboard estante
cupboard gabinete
faucet chorro
faucet grifo
faucet llave
faucet pila
sink fregadero
sink fregador
sink lavaplatos
cooker anafre
cooker cocina
cooker parrilla
refrigerator nevera
refrigerator refrigerador
pot cacerola
pot olla
pot paila
dishcloth pañitos
dishcloth paño
dishcloth trapo
straw pitillo
coaster plato
coaster portavasos
croissant cachito
croissant croissant
roll bollo
roll pancito
tart dulce
sandwich croissant
sandwich sándwich
popcorn cotufas
scales balanza
scales peso
bucket balde
bucket tobo
teat chupa
teat chupón
teat tetina
lighter encendedor
lighter yesquero
earphones audífonos
baffle cornetas
switch apagador
switch interruptor
switch switch
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
chandelier lámpara
chandelier lamparita
blanket cobija
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread edredón
bedspread sábana
hanger gancho
washbasin lavamanos
tank tanque
bowl poceta
bowl sanitario
shower baño
shower ducha
shower regadera
rose ducha
rose regadera
bathtub bañadera
bathtub bañera
dryer secador
landing descanso
bulb bombillo
stool banco
stool banqueta
stool taburete
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg gancho
peg pinza
doorknob perilla
stroller coche
stroller cochecito
stroller porta-bebé
wrench llave
car automóvil
car carro
fender parachoques
headlight faros
headlight focos
headlight luces
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
windsreen vidrio
hood capó
winker intermitente
lock cerradura
lock manilla
lock seguro
trunk maleta
fender guardabarros
fender guardafangos
tire caucho
van camioneta
van pickup
van vagoneta
van van
van ranchera
jeep jeep
trailer trailer
bulldozer buldózer
bulldozer caterpillar
bulldozer caterpiller
bulldozer excavadora
bulldozer retro
bus autobús
bus metrobús
handlebar manubrio
handlebar volante
silencer silenciador
minibus buseta
minibus microbús
scooter minimoto
scooter motico
scooter moto
scooter motoneta
scooter vespa
platform andén
platform plataforma
rail rieles
tie durmientes
tie rieles
tie travesaños
sidewalk acera
sidewalk cera
reception lobby
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
bill boleto
bill ticket
pen bolígrafo
pen lapicero
pen pluma
stapler engrapadora
stapler grapadora
staple clips
staple grapas
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computador
computer computadora
computer lap
computer Mac
stamp estampilla
handle mango
handle manigueta
handle manilla
slingshot catapulta
slingshot cauchera
slingshot china
slingshot fonda
scooter patineta
scooter patinete
tent carpa
kite cometa
kite papagayo
boat bote
boat canoa
boat lancha
lawn grama
slide tobogán
bench banca
bench banco
poster afiche
poster cartel
jukebox rocola
harmonica armónica
harmonica sinfonía
pancake panqueca
pit pepa
pit semilla
demijohn botellón
demijohn galón
demijohn garrafón
cap chapa
cap corcho
can lata
ladle cucharito
drainboard escurridero
turner batidor
turner espátula
mixer barillas
filter filtro
knifegrinder afilador
knifegrinder amolador
tray bandeja
dishcloth trapito
playpen baranda
playpen barandal
berth litera
basket cesta
clasp abrazadera
clasp abrazadora
washer lavadora
bobin bobina
bobin carrete
bobin carretel
needle agujas
cushion almohada
cushion cojín
stool banquito
stool escalera
q-tips aplicador
q-tips hisopo
plaster curita
sling cabestrillo
attic altillo
attic ático
attic azotea
attic penthouse
attic terraza
lock cerrojo
lock pasador
wardrobe armario
wardrobe closet
wardrobe escaparate
bidet bidé
bidet inodoro
raincoat caucho
raincoat impermeable
bolero bolero
bolero chaleco
sportshirt chemise
sportshirt franela
sportshirt pulóver
fringe flecos
mitten guantes
mitten manoplas
pochette bolsito
pochette bolso
pochette koala
cuff ruedo
sandal chanclas
sandal chancletas
sandal cholas
sandal pantuflas
sandal sandalias
sandal slaps
studs guayos
studs tacos
shorts calzoncillos
shorts interior
shorts interiores
apron delantal
lipstick creyón
lipstick labial
rollers rollos
chalk tiza
diary agenda
diary taco
block cuaderno
block libreta
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles metras
dart dardo
hoop hula-hula
skipping cabulla
skipping cuerda
skateboard patineta
megaphone altavoz
megaphone megafonía
megaphone parlante
pinwheel abanico
pinwheel molinillo
pinwheel molino
pinwheel remolino
parachute paracaídas
boxing boxeo
goal arco
goal portería
merry-go-round carrusel
binoculars binocular
binoculars largavista
convertible decapotable
air-bag airbag
road autopista
road carretera
saddle asiento
saddle silla
bar barra
bar cafetería
can pipote
can tambor
can tanque
can tonel
dam dique
dam embalse
dam presa
dam represa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
loudspeaker megáfono
loudspeaker micrófono
loudspeaker parlante
horn bocina
horn corneta
toilet baño
bootblack limpiabotas
janitor aseadora
janitor barrendera
janitor barrendero
janitor servicio
directory guía
bankbook chequero
bankbook libreta
spray aerosol
spray atomizador
spray spray
rotary redoma
blind persiana
awning tolda
awning toldo
tripod atril
tripod tripié
battery pilas
pushcart carrito
check-room casillero
check-room locker
carrycot portabebé
number número
number distintivo
fans afición
fans aficionados
fans fanaticada
fans fanáticos
fans público
sting aguijón
sting ponzoña
food alimento
food comestible
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook quebrada
murderer asesino
murderer narco
murderer sicari
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
slap cachetada
bar bar
bar café
bar cafetín
bar lonchería
puff fumada
puff jalón
puff jalones
puff pitada
waiter camarero
waiter mesonero
waiter mozo
pig cerdo
pig cochino
pig marrano
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
cooking cocida
cooking cocimiento
cooking cocinada
cooking cocinar
cooking hervida
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell caracol
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
anger bronca
anger cólera
anger coraje
anger ira
anger rabia
cost costo
crossing cruce
crossing cruza
slope cerro
slope cuesta
slope pendiente
bay bahía
amusement distracción
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
amusement pasatiempo
school colegio
school escuela
school instituto
school liceo
stay estadía
stay estancia
stay permanencia
stay residencia
miss error
miss falla
miss fallo
financier administrador
financier experto
financier financiero
bangs flequillo
bangs pollina
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger extraño
stranger forastero
stranger turista
form forma
form formulario
form planilla
rubber caucho
rubber goma
rubber leche
rubber resina
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty hermosura
beauty lindo
beauty lindura
grass grama
grass hierba
grass pasto
grass yerba
iron hierro
concrete concreto
concrete hormigón
hospital hospital
graduate egresado
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate profesional
degree licenciatura
degree título
discount descuento
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount rebaja
discount remate
call llamada
call telefonazo
arrival llegada
whip correa
whip fuete
whip látigo
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds maleza
weeds matorral
spring chorrito
spring manantial
spring naciente
spring vertiente
butter manteca
butter mantequilla
butter nata
butter natilla
block cuadra
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
peach durazno
peach melocotón
monkey chango
monkey chimpancé
monkey mico
monkey mono
mosquito mosquito
mosquito zancudo
jackknife navaja
worker obrero
chance chance
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
unemployment desocupación
seafront costanera
seafront malecón
seafront orilla
potato papa
sponsor patrocinador
sponsor patrocinante
sponsor promotor
toll peaje
toll tarifa
laziness flojera
laziness huevonada
laziness pereza
apartment apartamento
banana banana
banana cambur
banana guineo
banana plátano
policeman agente
policeman policía
policeman vigilante
dust polvareda
dust polvero
dust polvo
dust remolino
dust tierral
spokesman delegado
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade calificación
grade nota
grade puntaje
grade puntuación
kerosene querosén
kerosene querosene
pickpocket bandido
pickpocket ratero
raid allanamiento
raid operativo
raid razzia
raid redada
relation incumbencia
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing reparación
slip patinada
slip rayo
slip resbalón
rumor chisme
rumor comentarios
rumor habladuría
rumor rumor
sandwich bocadillo
highlander campesino
highlander serrano
hissing pitazo
hissing silbido
position lugar
position posición
position situación
position ubicación
arrogance altanería
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance pedantería
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery chanchullo
bribery coima
bribery corrupción
bribery fraude
bribery soborno
change cambio
change menudo
change sencillo
bar botiquín
bar cantina
bar salón
bar tasca
tidbits entremés
tidbits merienda
tidbits pasapalo
tidbits picada
tidbits tentempié
earthquake sismo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store negocio
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting tiroteo
courage coraje
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientecito
visa visa
glance mirada
glance ojeada
glance vistazo
change vuelta
change vuelto
walk vueltecita
walk vueltica
walk vueltita
sharp afilado
sharp filoso
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
here acá
here aquí
risky arriesgado
risky peligroso
risky riesgoso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute alerta
astute astuto
astute atento
astute enchufado
astute mosca
astute pila
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious avaro
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin escuálido
thin flaco
inside adentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
where ¿dónde?
angry bravo
angry disgustado
angry enfadado
angry enojado
angry furioso
angry molesto
often frecuentemente
often seguido
outside afuera
greasy grasiento
greasy grasoso
grayish grisáceo
grayish plomizo
skillfull bueno
skillfull capaz
skillfull diestro
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligerito
weak ligero
weak light
weak liviano
filthy cochino
filthy mugriento
filthy mugroso
very bastante
very muy
little chico
little chiquito
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoriento
dusty sucio
perhaps igual
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast ligero
fast pronto
fast rápido
clear arregladito
clear arreglado
clear impecable
clear limpio
clear nítido
clear pulcro
which ¿cuál?
which ¿qué
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
radio radial
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold gripe
cold resfriado
cold resfrío
broken quebrado
broken roto
coarse basto
coarse brusco
coarse bruto
coarse grosero
coarse odioso
coarse patán
coarse rudo
slant chueco
slant ladeado
slant torcido
annoy contrariar
annoy fastidiar
annoy joder
annoy ladillar
arrive arribar
arrive llegar
break quebrar
break romper
clear deshierbar
clear desmalezar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
dial marcar
dismiss botar
dismiss despedir
drench ensopado
drench mojado
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage incentivar
encourage mejorar
escape escapar
escape soltarse
fill componer
fill tapar
gossip chismear
gossip chismorrear
gossip murmurar
hurry apurarse
impress impresionar
kill asesinar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcarse
overturn voltearse
pamper consentir
pamper malcriar
pamper mimar
park estacionar
postpone aplazar
postpone posponer
postpone retrasar
puff absorber
puff aspirar
puff fumar
puff sorber
pull halar
pull jalar
punch golpear
punch pegar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
return regresar
search allanar
search registrar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake jamaquer
shake mover
shake sacudir
shoot disparar
skin desollar
skin despellejar
sponsor esponsorear
sponsor patrocinar
throw arrojar
throw botar
throw echar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
tie atar
trick vacilar
turn coger
turn cruzar
turn doblar
turn girar
turn voltear
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desembalar
unpack desempacar
upset disgustar
upset entristecer
value avaluar
value cotizar
value valorar
watch asomarse
watch mirar
whistle pitar
whistle silbar
grind aplicado
grind estudioso
grind nerd
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat copiar
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale sapo
tell-tale soplón
flatterer chupamedias
flatterer jalabolas
bully agresivo
bully buscapleito
bully buscapleitos
bully metiche
meek callado
meek introvertido
meek retraído
meek santico
meek tímido
hooligans banda
hooligans delincuentes
hooligans insoportables
hooligans malandros
hooligans pandilla
hooligans pandilleros
hooligans ratas
repeater aplazados
repeater bruto
repeater raspado
repeater repitente
repeater repitiente
boss jefe
pay quincena
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired jodido
tired mamado
tired muerto
penniless jodido
penniless limpio
penniless pelando
penniless quebrado
party bonche
party fiesta
party pachanga
party rumba
policeman paco
policeman tombo
plainclothes-man detective
plainclothes-man secreta
prison cárcel
prison comandancia
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette cigarrito
cigarette cigarro
beer birra
beer cervecita
beer fría
drug droga
drug estupefaciente
drug hierba]yerba
drug marihuana
drug pepas
storm aguacero
storm chaparrón
storm diluvio
storm lluvia
storm tempestad
storm temporal
storm tormenta
horns cachos
contact contacto
contact palanca
contact recomendaciones
trouble lío
trouble vaina
beating cachetada
beating cueriza
beating golpiza
beating paliza
baby bebé
baby bebecita
baby nene
drunken alegre
drunken borracho
drunken rascado
drunken tomado
beat golpear
thin flacuchento
thin palillo
fat ballena
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat obeso
fat rechoncho
tall alto
tall grande
short bajito
short bajo
short chaparrito
short chiquito
short enano
short retaco
charming bonita
charming buenísima
charming linda
charming sexi
attractive atractivo
attractive buenísimo
attractive mango
attractive papacito
bad-smelling cochino
bad-smelling hediondo
head azotea
head cabeza
head coco
head cráneo
head testa
hair greña
hair pelo
feet patas
feet pezuñas
feet pies
pregnant embarazada
pregnant preñada
competent competente
competent güevito
competent inteligente
competent pilas
competent sabelotodo
competent sabio
fool ahuevonado
fool animal
fool bobo
fool bruto
fool burro
fool estúpido
fool güevón
fool huevón
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool inepto
fool inútil
fool necio
fool pajuato
fool pendejo
fool pingo
fool simplón
fool tarúpido
fool tonto
coarseness grosería
foolishness bobada
foolishness bobería
foolishness estupidez
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness ladilla
foolishness tontería
spaniard gallego
informer chismoso
informer delator
informer sapo
informer soplón
flatterer adulador
fluke batacazo
fluke carambola
fluke casualidad
fluke chiripa
fluke lechuo
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich millonario
rich multimillonario
rich platudo
rich ricachón
rich rico
boring fastidioso
boring inaguantable
boring insoportable
boring ladilla
boring pesado
lazy flojo
lazy perezoso
lazy vago
lazy vagoneta
poor limpio
poor pobre
hello Aló.
hello ¿Aló?
hell! ¡Coño!
hell! Au.
hell! Ay.
hell! Carajo.
hell! Caramba.
hell! Caray.
hell! Mierda.
bye Adiós.
bye Chao.
bye Chau.
bye Okey.
annoying absurda
annoying cagada
annoying dura
annoying jodida
annoying molesto
tremendous bárbaro
tremendous brillante
tremendous estupendo
tremendous genial
tremendous pilas
great! ¡Chévere!
great! ¡Espectacular!
apparently aparentemente
apparently dizque
apparently supuestamente
feverish febril
feverish hirviendo
sewer alcantarilla
sewer cloaca
stretcher angarillas
stretcher carretillas
handle asa
pretty bella
pretty bonita
pretty linda
uproar alboroto
uproar bonche
uproar bulla
uproar gentío
uproar gritería
lock chapa
cord cabuya
cord cuerda
ahead adelante
ahead alante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
thread ensartar
angry arrecho
expel botar
expel correr
expel despedir
expel expulsar
fuck acostarse
fuck coger
fuck tirar
talkative hablador
talkative loro
talkative parlanchín
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene obsceno
obscene porno
obscene pornográfico
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercancía
merchandise producto
knock-kneed cambeto
knock-kneed cazcorvo
knock-kneed chueco
knock-kneed patuleco
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment impresión
presentiment pálpito
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
resin resina
quarrel altercado
quarrel discusión
quarrel disputa
quarrel pelea
quarrel riña
delay demorar
delay tardar
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate desgraciado
unfortunate salado
spoiled consentido
spoiled malcriado
spoiled mimado
aperitif aperitivo
bar cervecería
broadcast transmitir
camper campamentista
camper campista
chalet chalet
coffin ataúd
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
crane guinche
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging correr
jogging trotar
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
landlady sirvienta
obstinate necio
obstinate obstinado
peanut maní
right! ¡Correcto!
right! ¡Exacto!
scratch arañazo
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
sweetener endulzante
sweetener esplenda
thaw descongelar
thief choro
thief ladrón
bother fastidiar
bother fregar
bother joder
bribe comprar
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
exaggerate exagerar
oppose contradercirle
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight pelear
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined cursi
pseudo-rifined ordinario
sad achicopalado
sleep cabecear
sleep pestañear
vulture zamuro
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
goalkeeper arquero
goalkeeper portero
cheeks cachetes
