jacket chaqueta
jacket saco
cardigan abrigo
cardigan chaqueta
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
t-shirt franela
t-shirt poloshirt
sweater abrigo
sweater suéter
windbreaker abrigo
windbreaker chaqueta
windbreaker jacket
overalls mameluco
overalls mono
overalls overol
overalls yonsú
poncho poncho
jeans jeans
overcoat abrigo
shawl bufanda
shawl estola
pajamas bata
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
ribbon banda
ribbon cinta
hood capucha
hood capuchón
earrings aretes
earrings argollas
hairnet redecilla
ring anillo
cufflinks gemelos
mascara marbelline
mascara rímel
suspenders breteles
suspenders tirantes
socks medias
slippers chancletas
slippers pantuflas
slippers sandalias
slippers zapatillas
heel taco
heel tacón
underskirt refajo
panties blúmer
panties panti
brassiere brassiere
brassiere sostén
zipper zíper
clasp botón
clasp broche
glasses espejuelos
glasses gafas
glasses lentes
shorts calzoncillo
shorts pantaloncillo
folder carpeta
folder folder
folder portafolios
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag bulto
bag cartera
suitcase maleta
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
dishwasher lavaplatos
cupboard alacena
cupboard armario
cupboard gabinete
faucet grifo
faucet llave
faucet pluma
sink fregadero
cooker anafe
cooker cocina
cooker estufa
refrigerator nevera
refrigerator refrigerador
pot cacerola
pot caldero
pot olla
pot paila
dishcloth estropajo
dishcloth paño
dishcloth secador
dishcloth trapito
dishcloth trapo
straw calimete
straw sorbete
coaster platillo
coaster platito
coaster portavasos
roll pancito
roll panecillo
tart bizcocho
tart pastel
sandwich bocadillo
sandwich sándwich
popcorn palomitas
popcorn rosita
scales balanza
scales báscula
scales peso
bucket cubeta
bucket cubo
teat mamila
teat tetera
lighter encendedor
earphones audífonos
baffle altavoces
baffle bocinas
switch botón
switch interruptor
switch switch
radio radio
bedroom aposento
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
chandelier lámpara
blanket frazada
blanket frisa
blanket manta
bedspread colcha
bedspread cubrecama
hanger colgador
hanger percha
hanger perchero
washbasin lavamanos
tank tanque
bowl inodoro
bowl sanitario
shower baño
shower ducha
rose ducha
bathtub bañera
dryer blower
dryer secador
landing descanso
bulb bombillo
stool banquito
stool taburete
glass cristal
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg gancho
peg palito
peg pincho
peg pinza
peephole ojo
doorknob manilla
stroller carrito
stroller coche
stroller cochecito
wrench llave
car automóvil
car carro
car concho
fender bomper
fender bumper
fender defensa
fender parachoques
headlight focos
headlight luces
windsreen cristal
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
windsreen vidrio
hood bonete
hood capota
winker direccional
winker intermitente
lock cerradura
lock manubrio
lock seguro
trunk baúl
fender guardalodos
tire goma
tire llanta
tire neumático
wheel rueda
van camioneta
van microbús
van minibús
van van
van guagua
jeep jeep
jeep jeepeta
trailer trailer
bulldozer buldózer
bulldozer excavadora
bus autobús
bus banderita
bus guagua
handlebar guía
silencer mofle
silencer silenciador
exhaust mofle
exhaust silenciador
minibus guagüita
minibus minibús
minibus van
minibus voladora
scooter moto
scooter motoneta
scooter motor
scooter pasola
platform andén
rail carriles
rail rieles
tie rieles
tie travesaños
tie traviesas
sidewalk acera
sidewalk calzada
reception lobby
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
bill ticket
elevator elevador
pen lapicero
stapler grapadora
staple grapas
blackboard pizarra
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computadora
stamp sello
handle mango
handle manigueta
handle manilla
handle manivela
slingshot tirador
slingshot tirapiedras
scooter patín
scooter patineta
tent carpa
kite chichigua
boat bote
boat canoa
boat lancha
boat yola
lawn césped
lawn grama
slide tobogán
bench banco
poster afiche
poster anuncio
poster cartel
poster cartelón
poster letrero
poster poster
jukebox tocadiscos
jukebox vellonera
harmonica acordeón
harmonica armónica
pancake pancake
pit semilla
packet huacal
demijohn botellón
demijohn galón
cap tapón
can botella
can lata
ladle cucharón
drainboard cernidora
turner batidor
turner espátula
mixer batidora
filter filtro
knifegrinder amolador
tray bandeja
cupboard vitrina
dishcloth toalla
playpen baranda
playpen corral
berth camarote
basket canasta
basket canasto
clasp abrazadera
clasp tuerca
washer lavadora
bobin carrete
bobin carretel
bobin ovillo
needle agujetas
cushion cojín
stool escalerita
q-tips hisopo
plaster curita
sling venda
lock aldaba
lock pestillo
toothbrush cepillo
wardrobe armario
wardrobe closet
bidet bidé
raincoat capa
raincoat impermeable
bolero blusa
bolero bolero
bolero chaleco
bolero chaqueta
bolero chaquetica
sportshirt polo
sportshirt polocher
fringe flecos
fringe flequillos
mitten guantes
pochette bolsito
pochette mariconera
cuff ruedo
sandal chanclas
sandal chancletas
sandal chinelas
sandal sandalias
sandal zapatillas
studs ganchos
shorts pantaloncillos
apron delantal
lipstick pintalabio
lipstick pintalabios
rollers rollos
rollers rolos
chalk tiza
diary agenda
diary carpeta
block mascota
checkbook chequera
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles bellugas
marbles bolitas
marbles canicas
leapfrog burrito
dart dardo
hoop aro
skipping suiza
skateboard skateboard
megaphone altavoz
megaphone altoparlante
pinwheel hélice
parachute paracaídas
frisbee platillo
boxing boxeo
goal portería
merry-go-round caballitos
merry-go-round carricoche
binoculars anteojos
binoculars binocular
air-bag airbag
road autopista
road carretera
saddle sillín
handlebar timón
bar bar
bar barra
bar cafetería
bar cantina
can tanque
dam presa
dam represa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
loudspeaker amplificador
loudspeaker megáfono
horn bocina
toilet baño
bootblack limpiabotas
janitor barrendera
janitor conserje
janitor muchacha
janitor sirvienta
janitor trapeadora
directory directorio
directory guía
bankbook libreta
spray spray
rotary rotonda
loudspeaker bocina
blind persiana
awning toldo
tripod tripié
battery pilas
pushcart carrito
wedge cuña
check-room casillero
carrycot cargador
number número
strecher camilla
fans aficionados
fans fanáticos
sting aguijón
apricot albaricoque
food alimento
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook cañada
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
slap galleta
puff copazos
waiter camarero
switchboard centralita
pig cerdo
pig puerco
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
cooking cocinar
cooking hervida
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
anger coraje
anger pique
anger rabia
cost costo
crossing cruce
slope cuesta
slope loma
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
school colegio
school escuela
school liceo
stay estadía
stay estancia
miss error
miss fallo
financier financiero
bangs flequillo
bangs mechón
bangs pollina
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger extraño
stranger forastero
stranger turista
form formulario
form solicitud
rubber caucho
rubber resina
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
grass grama
grass hierba
grass yerba
iron hierro
concrete concreto
concrete hormigón
hospital hospital
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate profesional
degree licenciatura
degree título
discount especial
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount rebaja
call llamada
arrival llegada
whip fuete
whip látigo
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds maleza
spring manantial
butter mantequilla
block cuadra
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
peach melocotón
monkey mono
mosquito mosquito
jackknife cortaplumas
jackknife navaja
worker obrero
chance chance
chance ocasión
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
seafront malecón
potato papa
sponsor patrocinador
toll peaje
laziness flojera
laziness haraganería
laziness pereza
apartment apartamento
banana guineo
policeman agente
policeman guardia
policeman policía
dust polvareda
dust remolino
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade nota
grade puntuación
kerosene gas
pickpocket ratero
raid allanamiento
raid operativo
raid redada
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing reparación
slip resbalón
rumor rumor
highlander campesino
highlander serrano
hissing silbido
position localización
position posición
position ubicación
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance orgullo
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery macuteo
bribery soborno
change cambio
change menudo
bar cervecería
bar taberna
tidbits aperitivo
tidbits bocadillo
tidbits merienda
tidbits picadera
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting tiroteo
courage coraje
courage valor
breeze vientecito
visa visa
visa visado
glance mirada
glance miradita
glance ojeada
glance vistazo
walk vueltecita
sharp afilado
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
approximately casi
here acá
here aquí
risky arriesgado
risky peligroso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute alerta
astute astuto
astute atento
astute avispado
astute despierto
astute listo
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
brilliant brilloso
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin flaco
inside adentro
inside dentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
where ¿dónde?
angry bravo
angry disgustado
angry enfadado
angry enojado
angry furioso
angry molesto
often frecuentemente
outside afuera
greasy engrasado
greasy grasiento
greasy grasoso
grayish gris
grayish grisáceo
grayish grisoso
skillfull bueno
skillfull diestro
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligero
filthy cochino
filthy mugriento
very muy
little chiquito
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoriento
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast pronto
fast rápido
clear limpio
clear pulcro
which ¿qué
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold constipado
cold gripe
cold resfriado
broken roto
coarse bruto
coarse grosero
coarse patán
coarse tosco
slant inclinado
slant torcido
slant virado
annoy contrariar
annoy embromar
annoy fastidiar
annoy joder
arrive llegar
break destrozar
break romper
clear chapear
clear desyerbar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
dial marcar
dismiss botar
dismiss despedir
dismiss destituir
dismiss echar
dismiss suspender
drench enchumbado
drench ensopado
drench mojado
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage mejorar
escape deshacerse
escape librarse
escape zafar
escape zafarse
fill empastar
gossip chismear
gossip chismiar
gossip comentar
gossip criticar
gossip hablar
gossip murmurar
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kill asesinar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick lamer
light prender
matter disgustar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcarse
overturn voltearse
pamper añoñar
pamper consentir
pamper malcriar
pamper mimar
pamper tolerar
park estacionar
park parquear
postpone aplazar
postpone posponer
postpone retrasar
puff fumar
pull jalar
punch golpear
punch pegar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
search allanar
search examinar
search registrar
search revisar
shake empujar
shake sacudir
shoot disparar
shoot tirotear
skin desollar
skin despellejar
skin pelar
sponsor patrocinar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
trick confundir
turn doblar
turn girar
turn voltear
undress desnudarse
unpack desenvolver
unpack destapar
upset apenar
value valorar
watch mirar
whistle pitar
whistle silbar
grind aplicado
grind dedicado
grind estudioso
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat copiar
cheat fijarse
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale chivato
tell-tale metiche
tell-tale soplón
flatterer labasaco
bully buscapleito
bully buscapleitos
bully entrometido
bully intruso
bully pelión
meek aislado
meek callado
meek solitario
meek tímido
hooligans banda
hooligans delincuentes
hooligans malos
hooligans pandilleros
repeater burro
repeater repitente
repeater reprobado
boss jefe
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired muerto
penniless arrancado
penniless pelado
penniless quebrado
party fiesta
policeman poli
plainclothes-man secreta
prison cárcel
prison cuartel
prison prisión
cigarette cigarrillo
beer cervecita
beer fría
drug droga
drug polvo
storm aguacero
storm diluvio
horns cachos
horns cuernos
contact conexiones
contact contacto
contact cuña
contact padrino
trouble cuestión
trouble lío
trouble molestia
trouble problema
trouble vaina
beating paliza
beating pela
baby bebé
baby bebito
baby chichí
drunken borracho
beat golpear
thin delgadito
thin seco
fat barrigón
fat gordo
fat rechoncho
tall alto
tall grande
tall largo
tall larguirucho
short bajito
short chiquito
short enano
short pequeño
charming bonita
charming linda
attractive buenísimo
attractive precioso
bad-smelling asqueroso
bad-smelling hediondo
bad-smelling sucio
head cabeza
hair cabello
hair pelo
feet pies
pregnant embarazada
competent acertado
competent atinado
competent capaz
competent competente
competent inteligente
competent listo
competent preparado
competent sabio
fool baboso
fool bruto
fool burro
fool estúpido
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool inepto
fool inútil
fool tonto
fool torpe
fool zoquete
coarseness grosería
foolishness babosada
foolishness bobería
foolishness disparate
informer chismoso
informer chivato
flatterer adulador
flatterer adulón
flatterer lambón
fluke casualidad
fluke chepa
fluke milagro
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich millonario
rich rico
boring cansón
boring fastidioso
boring inaguantable
boring insoportable
boring jodón
boring pesado
lazy haragán
lazy holgazán
lazy vago
poor arrancado
poor mendigo
poor miserable
poor pobre
hello Aló.
hello Buenas.
hello Hello.
hello ¿Aló?
hell! ¡Coño!
hell! Ay.
bye Adiós.
bye Bay.
annoying complicada
annoying dura
tremendous admirable
tremendous brillante
tremendous buenísimo
tremendous estupendo
tremendous excelente
tremendous extraordinario
tremendous sobresaliente
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Fenomenal!
great! ¡Increíble!
great! ¡Magnífico!
great! ¡Maravilloso!
apparently aparentemente
apparently dizque
apparently supuestamente
feverish ardiendo
sewer alcantarilla
sewer cloaca
sewer drenaje
stretcher carretillas
handle asa
pretty atractiva
pretty bella
pretty bonita
pretty hermosa
pretty linda
pretty preciosa
uproar alboroto
uproar algarabía
uproar bochinche
uproar bulla
uproar bullicio
uproar desorden
uproar escándalo
uproar gentío
uproar griterío
uproar ruido
lock candado
lock llavín
cord cordón
cord cuerda
cord lazo
cord soga
cord soguita
cord tira
ahead alante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
thread ensartar
angry irritado
expel botar
expel despedir
expel echar
expel expulsar
expel sacar
fuck acostarse
fuck coger
fuck singar
talkative hablador
talkative perico
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene pornográfico
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercancía
merchandise producto
knock-kneed gambao
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment impresión
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
presentiment sospecha
resin resina
quarrel discusión
quarrel disputa
quarrel enfrentamiento
quarrel pelea
quarrel pleito
quarrel problema
quarrel riña
delay durar
delay tardar
unfortunate desdichado
spoiled consentido
spoiled engreído
spoiled mimado
spoiled sobreprotegido
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast transmitir
coffin ataúd
coffin caja
cook cocer
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging correr
landlady sirvienta
obstinate testarudo
peanut maní
scratch arañazo
steal robar
sweetener endulzante
sweetener esplenda
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
bother fastidiar
bother joder
bribe comprar
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
exaggerate exagerar
oppose contradercirle
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight pelear
drizzle llovizna
sad caído
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
goalkeeper portero
cheeks mejillas
