jacket chaqueta
jacket saco
cardigan abrigo
cardigan chaqueta
cardigan jersey
cardigan suéter
t-shirt pulóver
sweater abrigo
sweater chaleco
sweater enguatada
sweater pulóver
sweater suéter
windbreaker chaqueta
windbreaker jacket
overalls enterizo
overalls mecánico
overalls mono
overalls overol
poncho poncho
jeans jeans
jeans pitusa
overcoat abrigo
overcoat chaqueta
overcoat sobretodo
shawl chal
shawl chalina
shawl estola
shawl mantilla
shawl mantón
pajamas piyama
pajamas payama
skirt falda
skirt saya
ribbon banda
ribbon cinta
ribbon cintillo
hood capucha
hood capuchón
hood gorro
earrings aretes
earrings argollas
earrings pendientes
hairnet redecilla
ring alianza
ring anillo
ring sortija
cufflinks gemelos
cufflinks yugos
mascara marbelline
mascara maybellin
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetines
socks medias
slippers chancletas
slippers chinelas
slippers cutaras
slippers pantuflas
slippers sandalias
slippers zapatillas
heel tacón
underskirt enagua
underskirt enaguas
underskirt sayuela
panties blúmer
brassiere ajustador
zipper zíper
clasp broche
glasses espejuelos
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
swimsuit trusa
folder carpeta
folder file
folder folder
folder portafolios
valise carpeta
valise cartera
valise diplomático
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag bolsa
bag bolso
bag cartera
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
handbag bolsa
handbag bolso
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
dishwasher friegaplatos
dishwasher lavaplatos
cupboard alacena
cupboard aparador
cupboard armario
cupboard estante
cupboard repisa
faucet grifo
faucet llave
faucet pila
faucet pluma
sink fregadero
cooker cocina
cooker fogón
cooker hornilla
refrigerator frigidaire
refrigerator frío
refrigerator refrigerador
pot caldero
pot cazuela
pot olla
dishcloth estropajo
dishcloth pañitos
dishcloth paño
dishcloth trapito
dishcloth trapo
straw absorbente
straw paja
straw pajilla
straw pajita
coaster platillo
coaster platito
coaster plato
coaster portavasos
coaster posavasos
croissant cangrejito
croissant cangrejo
croissant croissant
roll boncito
roll pancito
roll panecito
tart cake
tart dulce
tart pastel
sandwich bocadito
sandwich emparedado
sandwich medianoche
sandwich sándwich
popcorn palomitas
popcorn rosita
scales balanza
scales báscula
scales pesa
scales romana
bucket balde
bucket cubo
teat chupete
teat tete
teat tetera
teat tetina
teat teto
lighter encendedor
lighter fosforera
lighter mechero
earphones audífonos
baffle altavoces
baffle bafles
baffle bocinas
switch botón
switch chucho
switch encendedor
switch interruptor
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
chandelier lámpara
chandelier lamparita
blanket frazada
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread sobrecama
hanger percha
hanger perchero
washbasin lavabo
washbasin lavamanos
tank tanque
bowl inodoro
bowl servicio
bowl taza
shower baño
shower ducha
rose ducha
bathtub bañadera
bathtub bañera
dryer secador
dryer secadora
landing descanso
landing rellano
bulb bombilla
bulb bombillo
bulb foco
bulb lámpara
stool banqueta
stool banquito
glass cristal
glass vidrio
match fósforo
peg gancho
peg horquilla
peg palito
peg pinza
peephole mirilla
doorknob picaporte
doorknob pomo
stroller coche
stroller cochecito
deckchair catre
deckchair tumbona
wrench llave
car auto
car automóvil
car carro
car coche
car máquina
fender defensa
fender parachoques
headlight faroles
headlight faros
headlight focos
headlight luces
windsreen cristal
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
hood capó
hood tapa
winker direccional
winker foco
winker intermitente
lock cerradura
lock manigueta
lock manilla
lock seguro
trunk maletero
trunk portaequipajes
fender guardafangos
tire goma
tire neumático
tire rueda
wheel goma
wheel llanta
wheel neumático
wheel rueda
van camioneta
van furgoneta
van guagüita
van panel
van van
van camionetica
van panelito
jeep jeep
jeep todoterreno
jeep yipi
trailer caravana
trailer trailer
bulldozer buldózer
bulldozer caterpiller
bulldozer excavadora
bulldozer retroexcavadora
bus autobús
bus guagua
bus metrobús
bus microbús
bus ómnibus
bus rutero
bus taxibús
handlebar manubrio
handlebar timón
silencer silenciador
silencer silencioso
minibus guagua
minibus guagüita
minibus microbús
scooter motico
scooter moto
scooter motor
platform andén
rail carriles
rail líneas
rail raíles
rail rieles
rail vías
tie travesaños
tie traviesas
sidewalk acera
reception carpeta
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
bill pasaje
bill ticket
elevator elevador
pen bolígrafo
pen estilográfica
pen pluma
stapler presilladora
staple presillas
blackboard pizarra
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight pisapapeles
paperweight sujetapapeles
computer computadora
computer lap
computer P.C.
stamp sello
handle asa
handle mango
handle manigueta
handle manivela
slingshot tirapiedras
slingshot tiratacos
scooter carriola
scooter escuter
scooter monopatín
scooter patín
scooter patineta
kite chiringa
kite cometa
kite coronel
kite papalote
boat barca
boat barco
boat bote
boat canoa
boat lancha
lawn césped
lawn hierba
slide canal
slide deslizador
slide rampa
slide tobogán
bench asiento
bench banco
bench banquillo
bench banquito
poster afiche
poster anuncio
poster cartel
poster letrero
poster poster
poster propaganda
jukebox traganíquel
jukebox vitrola
harmonica armónica
harmonica filarmónica
harmonica flauta
pancake arepa
pancake panqueque
pit corazón
pit hueso
pit semilla
packet caja
packet estuche
demijohn bidón
demijohn botella
demijohn botellón
demijohn galón
demijohn garrafón
demijohn pomo
cap chapa
cap corcho
can botella
can lata
colander colador
colander escurridor
colander espumadera
ladle cuchara
ladle cucharón
drainboard colador
drainboard escurridera
turner espátula
turner espumadera
mixer batidor
mixer batidora
filter filtro
knifegrinder afilador
knifegrinder amolador
tray bandeja
cupboard mueble
playpen baranda
playpen barandilla
playpen corral
berth litera
basket canasta
basket cesta
clasp agarradera
clasp prensa
clasp presilla
washer lavadora
bobin bobina
bobin carretel
bobin ovillo
needle agujas
needle agujetas
cushion almohada
cushion almohadón
cushion cojín
stool banco
stool escalera
stool escalerita
stool taburete
q-tips aplicador
q-tips hisopo
q-tips palillo
q-tips palito
plaster curita
plaster esparadrapo
sling banda
sling cabestrillo
sling venda
attic ático
attic desván
attic penthouse
lock cerrojo
lock pasador
lock pestillo
lock tranca
toothbrush cepillo
wardrobe armario
wardrobe closet
wardrobe escaparate
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat capa
raincoat chubasquero
raincoat impermeable
bolero bolero
bolero chaleco
bolero chalequito
bolero chaqueta
bolero chaquetica
sportshirt camisa
sportshirt polocher
sportshirt pulóver
smock capotico
smock suetercito
fringe flecos
mitten guantes
mitten manoplas
pochette canguro
pochette riñonera
cuff bajo
cuff dobladillo
sandal chancletas
sandal chinelas
sandal sandalias
sandal slaps
studs pinchos
studs spike
studs tacos
shorts calzoncillos
shorts matapasiones
apron delantal
lipstick crayón
lipstick creyón
lipstick pintalabio
lipstick pintalabios
rollers rolitos
rollers rolos
chalk tiza
diary agenda
diary carpeta
block agenda
block bloc
block cuaderno
block cuarderno
block libreta
pad bloc
pad carpeta
pad cuaderno
pad libreta
checkbook cheque
checkbook chequera
checkbook talonario
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles bolas
marbles canicas
leapfrog burrito
leapfrog burro
leapfrog viola
dart dardo
hoop aro
hoop hula-hula
skipping suiza
skateboard patineta
skateboard skateboard
megaphone altavoz
megaphone altoparlante
megaphone amplificador
megaphone bocina
pinwheel reguilete
pinwheel rehilete
pinwheel veleta
parachute paracaídas
frisbee disco
frisbee frisbee
boxing boxeo
goal arco
goal meta
goal portería
merry-go-round caballitos
merry-go-round carricoche
merry-go-round carrusel
binoculars anteojos
binoculars binocular
binoculars prismáticos
convertible convertible
convertible decapotable
road autopista
road carretera
saddle asiento
saddle sillín
bar bar
bar barra
bar cafetería
bar mostrador
can barril
can bidón
can depósito
can latón
can tanque
can tanqueta
can tonel
dam dique
dam embalse
dam presa
dam represa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
loudspeaker amplificador
loudspeaker bocina
loudspeaker micrófono
horn bocina
horn claxon
horn fotuto
horn pito
toilet baño
toilet servicio
bootblack limpiabotas
janitor auxiliar
janitor barrendera
janitor barrendero
janitor conserje
janitor empleada
janitor limpiapisos
directory directorio
directory guía
bankbook libreta
spray aerosol
spray atomizador
spray spray
spray vaporizador
rotary circunvalación
rotary rotonda
toothpaste pasta
blind cortina
blind persiana
awning carpa
awning lona
awning tolda
awning toldo
tripod trípode
battery baterías
battery pilas
pushcart carrito
wedge calzo
wedge cuña
wedge taco
wedge tope
check-room casillero
check-room taquilla
drain alcantarilla
drain tragante
carrycot cargador
number distintivo
number número
strecher camilla
fans afición
fans aficionados
fans espectadores
fans fanáticos
fans público
fans seguidores
sting aguijón
apricot damasco
food alimento
food comestible
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook arroyuelo
brook quebrada
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
be be
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
slap galleta
slap sopapo
bar café
puff aspirada
puff cachada
puff chupada
puff fumada
puff pitada
waiter camarero
waiter mesero
waiter mozo
switchboard pizarra
pig cerdo
pig chancho
pig cochino
pig lechón
pig macho
pig puerco
resignation baja
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking calentada
cooking cocción
cooking cocinada
cooking cocinar
cooking hervida
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell caracol
shell carapacho
shell cascarón
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
chat palique
chat plática
anger bronca
anger cólera
anger enojo
anger ira
anger pique
anger rabia
cost coste
cost costo
cost gasto
crossing cruce
crossing mezcla
slope cuesta
slope ladera
slope loma
slope montaña
slope pendiente
bay bahía
bay ensenada
amusement distracción
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
amusement pasatiempo
school colegio
school escuela
school pre-escolar
stay estadía
stay estancia
stay permanencia
stay residencia
miss equivocación
miss error
miss falla
miss fallo
miss falta
financier administrador
financier asesor
financier experto
financier financiero
financier financista
bangs cerquillo
bangs flequillo
bangs mechón
bangs moña
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger foráneo
stranger forastero
stranger turista
form cuestionario
form formulario
form modelo
form planilla
form solicitud
form test
rubber caucho
rubber goma
rubber leche
rubber resina
rubber savia
hunger hambre
hunger hambruna
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty hermosura
beauty lindo
grass césped
grass hierba
grass hierbajos
grass pasto
grass yerba
iron hierro
concrete cemento
concrete concreto
concrete hormigón
concrete mezcla
hospital hospital
graduate diplomado
graduate egresado
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
graduate titulado
degree carrera
degree doctorado
degree licenciatura
degree título
discount descuento
discount liquidación
discount ofertas
discount rebaja
call llamada
call llamado
arrival arribo
arrival llegada
whip correa
whip fuete
whip fusta
whip látigo
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds arbustos
weeds follaje
weeds maleza
weeds manigua
weeds matorral
weeds monte
spring fuente
spring manantial
spring vertiente
butter mantequilla
butter margarina
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
cheek pómulos
peach durazno
peach melocotón
monkey chimpancé
monkey macaco
monkey mono
monkey simio
mosquito mosquito
mosquito zancudo
jackknife cuchilla
jackknife cuchillo
jackknife navaja
jackknife sevillana
worker obrero
chance chance
chance ocasión
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
unemployment desocupación
seafront malecón
seafront paseo
potato papa
sponsor auspiciador
sponsor patrocinador
sponsor promotor
toll peaje
laziness flojera
laziness haragán
laziness haragana
laziness haraganería
laziness pereza
laziness vagancia
apartment apartamento
banana guineo
banana plátano
policeman agente
policeman guardia
policeman policía
dust polvareda
dust polvero
dust remolino
dust tierrero
spokesman delegado
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade calificación
grade nota
grade puntos
grade puntuación
grade resultado
kerosene gas
kerosene petróleo
kerosene querosén
kerosene querosene
kerosene queroseno
pickpocket carterista
pickpocket ladrón
pickpocket ladronzuelo
pickpocket ratero
raid allanamiento
raid arresto
raid batida
raid operación
raid operativo
raid redada
relation incumbencia
relation participación
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing reparación
slip patinazo
slip resbalada
slip resbalón
rumor bola
rumor chisme
rumor comentarios
rumor habladuría
rumor rumor
hissing chiflido
hissing pitazo
hissing silbatazo
hissing silbido
position enclave
position lugar
position posición
position situación
position ubicación
arrogance altanería
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance orgullo
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery coima
bribery corrupción
bribery fraude
bribery soborno
change menudo
change monedas
change sencillo
bar cervecería
bar taberna
tidbits aperitivo
tidbits boca
tidbits bocadito
tidbits entremés
tidbits merienda
tidbits picadillo
tidbits picadito
tidbits tentempié
earthquake seísmo
earthquake sismo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting ráfaga
shooting tiros
shooting tiroteo
courage arrojo
courage coraje
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientecito
visa visa
glance mirada
glance miradita
glance ojeada
glance ojo
glance vistazo
change cambio
change vuelto
walk vueltecita
sharp afilado
sharp filoso
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
approximately casi
approximately como
approximately sobre
here acá
here aquí
risky arriesgado
risky peligroso
risky riesgoso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute alerta
astute astuto
astute atento
astute avispado
astute despierto
astute listo
astute vivo
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious avaro
avaricious codicioso
thin delgado
thin flaco
inside adentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
where ¿adónde?
where ¿dónde?
angry bravo
angry disgustado
angry encabronado
angry enfadado
angry enojado
angry furioso
angry histérico
angry incómodo
angry molesto
often frecuentemente
often regularmente
often seguido
outside afuera
greasy engrasado
greasy grasiento
greasy grasoso
grayish gris
grayish grisáceo
grayish grisecito
grayish grisoso
grayish plomizo
skillfull bueno
skillfull capaz
skillfull diestro
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful agradable
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful espléndido
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligero
filthy atascado
filthy cochino
filthy mugriento
filthy mugroso
very bien
very muy
little chiquillo
little chiquito
little niño
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoriento
dusty sucio
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast ligero
fast pronto
fast rápido
clear acicalado
clear arregladito
clear arreglado
clear aseado
clear elegante
clear impecable
clear limpio
clear pulcro
which ¿qué
radiant feliz
radiant radiante
radio radial
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold constipado
cold coriza
cold gripe
cold resfriado
cold resfrío
broken roto
coarse áspero
coarse bestia
coarse brusco
coarse bruto
coarse duro
coarse grosero
coarse maleducado
coarse odioso
coarse ordinario
coarse pesado
coarse rudo
coarse torpe
coarse tosco
coarse violento
slant desalineado
slant desviado
slant inclinado
slant ladeado
slant torcido
slant virado
annoy chivar
annoy embromar
annoy fastidiar
annoy joder
annoy jorobar
annoy picar
arrive llegar
break destrozar
break estrellar
break partir
break romper
clear chapear
clear deshierbar
clear desyerbar
clear limpiar
clear podar
desorient burlar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
desorient despistar
desorient desubicar
desorient engañar
dial discar
dial marcar
dismiss botar
dismiss despedir
dismiss destituir
dismiss echar
dismiss sacar
dismiss separar
dismiss suspender
drench enchumbado
drench ensopado
drench mojado
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage estimular
encourage incentivar
encourage mejorar
escape deshacerse
escape escapar
escape escaparse
escape liberarse
escape librarse
escape soltarse
escape zafar
escape zafarse
fill empastar
gossip bretear
gossip chimosear
gossip chismear
gossip chismiar
gossip chismorrear
gossip chismosear
gossip comadrear
gossip comentar
gossip hablar
gossip murmurar
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kill asesinar
kill liquidar
kill matar
kill ultimar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel postrarse
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
matter disgustar
matter encabronar
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcarse
pamper apañar
pamper consentir
pamper engreír
pamper malcriar
pamper maleducar
pamper mimar
pamper tolerar
park estacionar
park parquear
postpone aplazar
postpone atrasar
postpone demorar
postpone posponer
postpone postergar
postpone retrasar
puff absorber
puff aspirar
puff chupar
puff fumar
puff inhalar
pull halar
pull tirar
punch castigar
punch fajar
punch golpear
punch meter
punch pegar
punch sonar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
return regresar
search examinar
search indagar
search inspeccionar
search investigar
search rastrear
search registrar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake agitar
shake empujar
shake estrujar
shake jamaquear
shake mover
shake sacudir
shake zarandear
shoot abalear
shoot disparar
shoot tirotear
skin descuerar
skin desollar
skin despellejar
skin pelar
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor patrocinar
throw arrojar
throw botar
throw echar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
tie atar
trick confundir
trick tupir
trick vacilar
turn coger
turn doblar
turn girar
turn virar
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desempacar
unpack desempaquetar
unpack desenvolver
upset apenar
upset disgustar
upset entristecer
value estimar
value evaluar
value tasar
value valorar
watch asomar
watch asomarse
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle pitar
whistle silbar
grind aplicado
grind dedicado
grind estudioso
grind mechado
grind polilla
grind puntualito
truant ausentista
truant comeguásima
truant informal
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat copiar
cheat fijarse
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale chiva
tell-tale chivato
tell-tale soplón
flatterer adulón
flatterer alcahuete
flatterer arrastrado
flatterer guataca
flatterer lameculo
flatterer lameculos
bully abusador
bully agresivo
bully belicoso
bully bravucón
bully bronquero
bully buscabroncas
bully buscapleito
bully buscapleitos
bully entrometido
bully intruso
bully pelión
bully pendenciero
bully pesado
bully picapleitos
bully provocador
meek aislado
meek antipático
meek bobo
meek callado
meek cerrado
meek introvertido
meek reservado
meek retraído
meek santico
meek santito
meek serio
meek solitario
meek tímido
meek triste
hooligans banda
hooligans delincuentes
hooligans desastrosos
hooligans desordenados
hooligans insoportables
hooligans malcriados
hooligans maleantes
hooligans pandilla
hooligans pandilleros
repeater bruto
repeater burro
repeater desaprobado
repeater desinteredado
repeater repetidor
repeater repitente
repeater repitiente
repeater suspendido
repeater suspenso
boss jefe
pay cobro
pay quincena
pay salario
tired acabado
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired descojonado
tired desganado
tired destrozado
tired fundido
tired jodido
tired listo
tired molido
tired muerto
tired reventado
penniless arrancado
penniless bruja
penniless frito
penniless palmado
penniless pasmado
penniless pelado
penniless planchado
penniless quebrado
party descarga
party fiesta
party pachanga
party rumba
party tertulia
policeman azul
policeman cana
policeman fiana
policeman jefe
policeman ley
policeman poli
plainclothes-man agente
plainclothes-man chivatos
prison calabozo
prison cana
prison cárcel
prison policía
prison prisión
prison tanque
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette cigarrito
cigarette cigarro
cigarette pitillo
cigarette tabaco
beer cervecita
beer fría
beer lagarto
beer pilsen
drug droga
drug hierba]yerba
drug marihuana
drug polvo
storm aguacero
storm chaparrón
storm diluvio
storm lluvia
storm tempestad
storm temporal
storm tormenta
storm vendaval
horns cuernos
horns tarros
contact conectos
contact conexiones
contact contacto
contact favoritismo
contact padrino
contact palanca
contact socio
trouble enojo
trouble fastidio
trouble lío
trouble molestia
trouble rollo
beating bofetada
beating golpazo
beating golpe
beating golpiza
beating nalgada
beating paliza
beating palo
beating patada
beating pela
beating pescozón
beating piñazo
beating puñetazo
beating sopapo
beating trompada
beating tunda
baby bebé
baby bebita
baby bebito
baby chiquitín
baby criatura
baby criaturita
baby nene
baby nené
baby nenito
baby niñito
baby niño
drunken ajumao
drunken alegre
drunken bebido
drunken borrachín
drunken borracho
drunken ebrio
drunken jumas
drunken tomado
beat apalear
beat desbaratar
beat descuajeringar
beat golpear
beat patear
beat pegar
beat reventar
thin delgadito
thin delgaducho
thin esquelético
thin famélico
thin flacucho
thin hilo
thin palillo
thin seco
fat ballena
fat barrigón
fat bayoya
fat cerdo
fat gordiflón
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat obeso
fat rechoncho
fat regordo
fat tanque
fat vaca
tall alto
tall enorme
tall gigante
tall grande
tall grandulón
tall jirafa
tall largo
tall larguirucho
tall poste
tall vara
short bajito
short bajo
short chiquito
short diminuto
short enano
short escupidita
short pequeño
short remache
short tapón
charming atractiva
charming bombón
charming bonita
charming buena
charming colirio
charming diosa
charming encantadora
charming encanto
charming guapa
charming linda
charming mango
charming mona
charming muñeca
charming pastelito
charming preciosura
charming sexi
attractive apuesto
attractive atractivo
attractive bellísimo
attractive bonitillo
attractive buenísimo
attractive bueno
attractive elegante
attractive fácil
attractive guapísimo
attractive guapo
attractive hermoso
attractive imponente
attractive lindo
attractive mango
attractive papirriqui
attractive precioso
attractive regio
attractive rico
attractive tipazo
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling asco
bad-smelling asqueroso
bad-smelling cerdo
bad-smelling churroso
bad-smelling cochino
bad-smelling fetido
bad-smelling hediondo
bad-smelling marrano
bad-smelling podrido
bad-smelling puerco
bad-smelling sucio
head azotea
head cabeza
head chirimoya
head chola
head coco
head güiro
head mollera
head shola
head testa
hair cabello
hair greña
hair melena
hair pelambrera
hair pelo
feet cascos
feet patas
feet patitas
feet pies
feet pieses
pregnant barrigona
pregnant embarazada
pregnant encinta
pregnant esperando
pregnant panzona
pregnant preñada
competent acertado
competent atinado
competent capaz
competent competente
competent cuidadoso
competent culto
competent espabilado
competent inteligente
competent listo
competent preciso
competent preparado
competent sabelotodo
competent sabihondo
competent sabio
competent taco
fool animal
fool anormal
fool asno
fool bestia
fool bobalicón
fool bobo
fool bruto
fool burro
fool corto
fool cretino
fool estúpido
fool fronterizo
fool gil
fool guanajo
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool incompetente
fool inculto
fool inepto
fool infeliz
fool inútil
fool lelo
fool lento
fool mamerto
fool mentecato
fool metelapata
fool mongólico
fool necio
fool papafrita
fool pasmado
fool sonso
fool tarado
fool tonto
fool zopenco
stranger provinciano
coarseness grosería
foolishness barbaridad
foolishness bobada
foolishness bobería
foolishness bufonada
foolishness burrada
foolishness disparate
foolishness estupidez
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness insensatez
foolishness necedad
foolishness sandez
foolishness simpleza
foolishness tontada
foolishness tontera
foolishness tontería
foolishness zoncera
foolishness zoncería
spaniard gaitos
spaniard gallego
spaniard hispano
informer chismoso
informer chiva
informer chivato
informer delator
informer espía
informer informante
informer soplón
informer traidor
flatterer adulador
flatterer baboso
flatterer chicharrón
flatterer guatacas
flatterer guatacón
flatterer servil
fluke carambola
fluke casualidad
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripazo
fluke milagro
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich maceta
rich millonario
rich multimillonario
rich platudo
rich ricachón
rich rico
boring aburrido
boring antipático
boring bomba
boring cansón
boring cargante
boring desagradable
boring fastidioso
boring inaguantable
boring insoportable
boring jodido
boring ladilla
boring odioso
boring pesado
boring petardo
boring plomo
boring terrible
lazy dejado
lazy flojo
lazy haragán
lazy holgazán
lazy ocioso
lazy perezoso
lazy vago
poor arrancado
poor bruja
poor mendigo
poor miserable
poor palmado
poor pasmado
poor pelado
poor pobre
poor pobrecito
poor pobrete
poor pobretón
hello Aló.
hello Buenas.
hello Hola.
hello Oiga.
hello ¿Aló?
hello ¿Sí?
hello Diga.
hello Oigo.
hell! ¡Coño!
hell! ¡Ño!
hell! ¡Vaya!
hell! Ah.
hell! Au.
hell! Ay.
hell! Carajo.
hell! Caramba.
hell! Caray.
hell! Cojones.
hell! Miércoles.
hell! Mierda.
hell! Pinga.
bye Adiós.
bye Chao.
bye Okey.
annoying cabrona
annoying complicada
annoying cruel
annoying difícil
annoying dura
annoying ingrata
annoying injusta
annoying jodida
annoying mala
annoying mierda
annoying porquería
annoying terrible
tremendous admirable
tremendous bárbaro
tremendous brillante
tremendous buenísimo
tremendous campeón
tremendous estrella
tremendous estupendo
tremendous excelente
tremendous extraordinario
tremendous fabuloso
tremendous fantástico
tremendous fenomenal
tremendous fenómeno
tremendous filtro
tremendous genial
tremendous genio
tremendous impresionante
tremendous increíble
tremendous listo
tremendous maravilloso
tremendous notable
tremendous sobresaliente
tremendous tremendo
great! ¡Bacán!
great! ¡Bárbaro!
great! ¡Buenísimo!
great! ¡Chévere!
great! ¡Empingao!
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Estupendo!
great! ¡Excelente!
great! ¡Fabuloso!
great! ¡Fenomenal!
great! ¡Genial!
great! ¡Increíble!
great! ¡Magnífico!
great! ¡Maravilloso!
great! ¡Regio!
great! ¡Súper!
great! ¡Vaya!
apparently aparentemente
apparently dicen
apparently posiblemente
apparently seguramente
apparently seguro
apparently supuestamente
feverish afiebrado
feverish ardiendo
feverish caliente
feverish febril
feverish hirviendo
sewer albañal
sewer alcantarilla
sewer alcantarillado
sewer caño
sewer cloaca
sewer drenaje
sewer tragante
sewer tubería
stretcher andamios
stretcher burros
stretcher camillas
stretcher pariguelas
stretcher parihuelas
handle agarradera
pretty atractiva
pretty bella
pretty bonita
pretty hermosa
pretty linda
pretty preciosa
uproar alboroto
uproar algarabía
uproar ballú
uproar barullo
uproar bochinche
uproar bonche
uproar bulla
uproar bullicio
uproar desorden
uproar escandalera
uproar escándalo
uproar fiesta
uproar gentío
uproar gritería
uproar jaleo
uproar relajo
uproar ruido
uproar tumulto
uproar vacilón
lock candado
lock llavín
cord cabuya
cord cinta
cord cordel
cord cordelito
cord cordón
cord cuerda
cord faja
cord pita
cord soga
cord soguita
cord tira
ahead alante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
thread ensartar
angry berriado
angry cabrón
angry colérico
angry irritado
expel botar
expel cesantear
expel despachar
expel despedir
expel echar
expel expulsar
expel sacar
expel tronar
fuck acostarse
fuck fornicar
fuck pisar
fuck singar
fuck templar
talkative bla-blá
talkative charlatán
talkative conversador
talkative cotorra
talkative cotorrón
talkative dicharachero
talkative hablador
talkative hablanchín
talkative loro
talkative parlanchín
talkative perico
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene inmoral
obscene obsceno
obscene porno
obscene pornográfico
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercancía
merchandise producto
knock-kneed gambao
knock-kneed patizambo
knock-kneed zambo
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment impresión
presentiment palpitación
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
presentiment sospecha
resin resina
quarrel altercado
quarrel bronca
quarrel desavenencia
quarrel discusión
quarrel disputa
quarrel encontronazo
quarrel enfrentamiento
quarrel fajazón
quarrel pelea
quarrel pleito
quarrel problema
quarrel riña
quarrel trifulca
delay atrasar
delay demorar
delay retrasar
delay tardar
unfortunate desafortunado
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate desgraciado
unfortunate infeliz
unfortunate salado
spoiled amamantado
spoiled consentido
spoiled engreído
spoiled majadero
spoiled malcriado
spoiled mimado
spoiled sobreprotegido
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast transmitir
camper campista
chalet chalet
chalet quinta
coffin ataúd
coffin caja
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging correr
jogging trotar
landlady mucama
landlady muchacha
landlady sirvienta
obstinate cabeciduro
obstinate cabezón
obstinate necio
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
peanut maní
right! ¡Correcto!
right! ¡Exacto!
scratch arañazo
scratch aruñazo
scratch rayón
steal robar
sweetener edulcorante
sweetener endulzante
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
thief ratero
bother fastidiar
bother joder
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
exaggerate exagerar
oppose contradercirle
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight fajarse
fight pelear
junk cacharros
junk trastos
drizzle chin-chin
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined chabacano
pseudo-rifined cheo
pseudo-rifined cursi
pseudo-rifined ordinario
sad angustiado
sad entristecido
sad triste
sleep dormirse
sleep pescar
sleep pestañear
sleep surnar
vulture auda
vulture aura
vulture buitre
vulture tiñosa
football balompié
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
fullback zaguero
goalkeeper arquero
goalkeeper guardameta
goalkeeper portero
cheeks cachetes
cheeks mejillas
cheeks pómulos
