jacket chaqueta
jacket vestón
cardigan chaleco
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
t-shirt polera
sweater chaleco
sweater chomba
sweater suéter
windbreaker casaca
windbreaker chaqueta
windbreaker parca
overalls mameluco
overalls overol
poncho manta
poncho poncho
jeans jeans
overcoat abrigo
overcoat chaqueta
shawl manta
shawl pañoleta
shawl pañuelo
pajamas payama
skirt saya
ribbon balerina
ribbon cinta
ribbon cintillo
ribbon felpa
hood gorro
earrings caravanas
earrings chapas
ring sortija
cufflinks mancornas
mascara máscara
mascara rímel
suspenders breteles
suspenders tirantes
socks medias
socks soquetes
slippers chancletas
slippers chinelas
heel tacón
heel talón
underskirt combinación
underskirt forro
petticoart enagua
panties calzones
panties interior
panties pantaleta
brassiere ajustador
brassiere tallador
zipper cremallera
clasp remache
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
shorts jokey
swimsuit malla
folder cartapacio
folder file
valise portafolios
bag bolsón
bag bulto
suitcase veliz
rucksack bulto
dishwasher friegaplatos
dishwasher lavadora
dishwasher lavatrastos
cupboard alacena
cupboard aparador
cupboard cocinova
cupboard placar
cupboard repisa
faucet llave
faucet paja
sink pileta
cooker fogón
cooker placa
refrigerator refrigeradora
pot paila
dishcloth estropajo
dishcloth handiwipe
dishcloth paño
dishcloth toalla
straw carrizo
straw paja
straw pajita
coaster apoyavasos
croissant cuerno
roll bollo
tart bizcocho
sandwich bocata
sandwich refuerzo
sandwich sándwich
popcorn poporopo
popcorn pororó
scales báscula
scales romana
bucket balde
bucket tobo
teat chupa
teat tetera
lighter encendedor
earphones headphones
baffle altavoces
baffle bocinas
baffle cajas
switch llave
switch tomacorriente
radio radio
bedroom aposento
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
bedspread acolchado
bedspread cubrecama
bedspread sobrecama
washbasin lavatorio
washbasin palangana
washbasin pileta
tank depósito
tank estanque
bowl inodoro
bowl taza
rose alcachofa
rose pluma
bathtub bañadera
dryer secadora
landing escalera
landing peldaño
bulb bombilla
bulb lamparita
match cerillo
peg broche
peg prensarropa
peg traba
peephole mirador
peephole ojo
doorknob manilla
stroller carriola
stroller coche-cuna
stroller porta-bebé
deckchair butaca
car carro
car coche
fender bumper
fender defensas
headlight faros
windsreen luna
windsreen luneta
windsreen panorámico
windsreen parabrisa
hood capota
hood cofre
winker foco
lock cerradura
lock seguro
trunk maleta
trunk valijera
fender cubrerruedas
fender goma
fender guardabarros
fender lodera
fender polvera
wheel goma
van busito
van furgón
van furgonita
van vagoneta
van estanciera
van furgona
van ranchera
trailer camioneta
trailer caravana
bulldozer caterpillar
bulldozer retro
bulldozer retroexcavadora
bus ómnibus
bus interprovincial
bus metro
handlebar dirección
handlebar guía
handlebar manillar
handlebar manivela
silencer silenciador
minibus autobús
minibus buseta
minibus guagüita
scooter ciclomotor
scooter motico
scooter motito
scooter moto
scooter scooter
scooter vespa
scooter vespino
rail vías
tie traviesas
sidewalk calzada
sidewalk vereda
reception lobby
pen pluma
stapler corchetera
stapler cosedora
stapler presilladora
blackboard encerado
computer computador
computer computadora
computer ordenador
handle mango
handle manigueta
handle manilla
slingshot cachita
slingshot china
slingshot tirador
scooter teresina
kite chichigua
kite chiringa
kite pizcucha
boat lancha
lawn prado
lawn yerba
slide rampa
slide refalín
slide resbaladera
slide surradero
bench banco
bench pollo
poster letrero
poster propaganda
poster rótulo
jukebox roconola
harmonica flauta
harmonica organillo
harmonica violín
pancake crep
pit pepa
packet pack
demijohn botellón
cap chapita
cap corcholata
ladle cacillo
drainboard cernidora
turner batidor
turner freidor
mixer batidor
mixer batidora
filter filtrador
filter purificador
knifegrinder amolador
cupboard chifonier
cupboard estante
cupboard trastero
dishcloth limpiador
dishcloth trapito
basket cesto
basket parrilla
basket portaequipaje
clasp zuncho
bobin canuto
bobin carretel
bobin devanador
cushion cuadrante
stool escalera
stool taburete
sling venda
attic azotea
attic penthouse
lock cerrojo
wardrobe armario
wardrobe guardarropas
bidet lavabo
turtleneck cisne
raincoat canguro
bolero camisa
bolero chaquetilla
bolero torerilla
bolero torerita
sportshirt chomba
sportshirt niki
smock capotico
smock suetercito
fringe hilachas
pochette canana
pochette mariconera
pochette monedero
cuff basta
cuff bota
cuff ruedo
sandal chanclas
sandal chinelas
sandal pantuflas
studs cocos
shorts pantaloncillo
shorts pantaloncillos
ring anillo
ring argolla
ring aro
rollers bigudíes
rollers rolos
diary bloc
diary cartapacio
diary taco
block avon
pad croquera
checkbook cheque
checkbook talón
photocopier fotocopia
marbles bolas
marbles bolillas
hoop hula-hoop
hoop hula-hula
skipping cabulla
skipping lazo
skateboard skate
megaphone altavoz
megaphone bocina
megaphone megafonía
megaphone megáfono
pinwheel molinillo
frisbee frido
frisbee frisbee
merry-go-round calesita
merry-go-round carricoche
merry-go-round carrusel
merry-go-round tiovivo
binoculars largavista
binoculars anteojos
convertible convertible
air-bag airbag
air-bag protector
saddle sillón
handlebar volante
bar cafetería
bar desayunador
bar mesón
bar mostrador
can caneca
can latón
dam embalse
dam muro
loudspeaker micrófono
loudspeaker parlante
horn pito
toilet baño
toilet servicio
janitor barrendera
janitor limpiadora
janitor limpiapisos
janitor muchacha
bankbook libreta
spray atomizador
rotary circunvalación
rotary plaza
loudspeaker megafonía
loudspeaker megáfono
blind blind
blind cortina
pushcart carretilla
pushcart carro
pushcart cochecito
wedge traba
check-room casillero
drain alcantarilla
drain cantarilla
drain reposadera
drain tapa
drain tragante
carrycot canguro
carrycot cargador
carrycot portaguagua
number identificación
strecher camilla
fans barra
fans hinchas
sting shute
apricot albaricoque
food alimento
brook arroyuelo
brook cañada
brook canal
brook torrente
be be
slap cachetada
slap cachetón
slap chuleta
slap guantazo
bar lonchería
bar refresquería
puff jalones
waiter mesonero
pig chancho
pig macho
pig marrano
cooking cocinada
cooking cocinar
cooking hervida
avarice ambicioso
shell cáscaras
shell cascarón
shell valvas
chat palique
chat plática
chat rollo
cost costo
cost gasto
cost precios
crossing cruce
crossing mezcla
slope ladera
slope montaña
slope repecho
amusement distracción
amusement entretenimiento
school cole
school colegio
school guardería
school instituto
school liceo
stay estadía
stay estancia
miss fallo
miss falta
financier asesor
bangs fleco
plumber gasfitero
form cuestionario
form formato
form test
rubber leche
beauty bonito
beauty lindo
grass grama
grass hierbajos
grass monte
grass pasto
grass zacate
concrete concreto
graduate diplomado
graduate licenciado
degree bachillerato
degree egreso
degree grado
discount especial
discount promoción
discount rebaja
call llamada
arrival arribo
whip chilillo
whip correa
whip látigo
teacher señorita
spring fuente
butter mantequilla
peach durazno
monkey macaco
monkey mono
monkey simio
jackknife cuchillo
jackknife puñal
worker operario
chance oportunidad
unemployment desocupación
unemployment paro
seafront acera
seafront costanera
seafront rambla
sponsor promotor
laziness desidia
laziness haragán
laziness pereza
apartment departamento
banana banana
banana guineo
dust polvadera
dust polvazal
dust remolino
dust tierral
grade nota
grade resultado
kerosene gas
pickpocket chorro
pickpocket rata
pickpocket raterito
repairing compostura
slip patinada
slip resbalada
slip resbalón
slip tropezón
rumor chisme
rumor comentarios
rumor habladuría
highlander campesino
highlander serrano
hissing silbatazo
hissing silbato
position orientación
arrogance chulería
arrogance orgullo
arrogance pedantería
arrogance soberbia
bribery corrupción
bribery fraude
bribery macuteo
bribery mordida
change cambio
change menudo
bar barra
bar café
bar fonda
tidbits canapés
tidbits tentempié
earthquake remezón
earthquake sismo
courage casta
courage valor
breeze vientecito
visa visa
visa visado
glance vistazo
walk vueltecilla
walk vueltica
sharp afilado
sharp filoso
yellowish amarillento
before enantes
approximately casi
approximately hacia
approximately sobre
here acá
here aquí
risky peligroso
risky riesgoso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorpresivo
astute abusado
astute vivo
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious avariento
avaricious avaro
thin delgado
thin escuálido
thin flaco
inside adentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
difficult dificultoso
difficult enredado
difficult fregado
where ¿dónde?
angry caliente
angry disgustado
angry fastidiado
angry molesto
angry mosqueado
often regularmente
outside afuera
greasy engrasado
greasy grasoso
grayish gris
grayish grisoso
grayish plomo
skillfull capo
skillfull habiloso
beautiful bonito
beautiful chulo
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligero
weak liviano
filthy mugroso
very bastante
very harto
very muy
little chiquillo
little joven
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty polvoriento
dusty polvoso
dusty sucio
perhaps derrepente
perhaps igual
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast ligero
fast luego
fast pronto
fast rápidamente
fast rápido
clear aseado
clear elegante
clear limpio
radiant feliz
radio radial
radio radiofónico
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold coriza
cold gripazo
cold gripe
cold resfriado
cold resfrío
broken quebrado
broken roto
coarse bestia
coarse borde
coarse duro
coarse odioso
coarse pesado
coarse torpe
coarse tosco
slant chueco
slant desviado
slant torcido
slant virado
annoy embromar
annoy fastidiar
break cargarse
break estrellar
break partir
clear corpir
clear cortar
desorient burlar
dial marcar
dismiss cesantear
dismiss echar
dismiss separar
drive guiar
encourage motivado
escape desembarazarse
escape deshacerse
escape escapar
escape escaparse
escape liberar
escape liberarse
escape zafarse
fill arreglar
gossip cahuinear
gossip chimentar
gossip chismiar
gossip comentar
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
kill asesinar
kill cargarse
kill desaparecer
kill liquidar
kill terminar
lick lamber
lick lamer
matter disgustar
matter enojar
overturn volcar
pamper engreír
pamper malcriar
pamper tolerar
park estacionar
postpone aplazar
postpone atrasar
postpone postergar
puff absorber
puff aspirar
puff chupar
puff inhalar
pull tirar
repair reparar
require precisar
return regresar
search allanar
search buscar
search esculcar
search examinar
search rebuscar
search requisar
search revisar
shake empujar
shake estrujar
shake jamaquer
shake mover
shoot abalear
shoot balacear
shoot balear
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor patrocinar
tie amarrar
tie atar
trick confundir
trick joder
trick mentir
trick vacilar
turn doblar
turn virar
undress desnudarse
unpack desembalar
unpack desempacar
unpack desenvolver
unpack destapar
upset apenar
upset entristecer
value estimar
value evaluar
value valorar
grind nerd
grind ñoño
truant incumplidor
tell-tale chivato
flatterer adulón
flatterer cepillero
flatterer chupapico
flatterer lambeojo
bully abusivo
bully chulito
bully entrometido
bully peleonero
meek solitario
meek triste
hooligans barra
hooligans delincuentes
hooligans insoportables
hooligans macarras
hooligans villeros
repeater bruto
repeater desaprobado
pay salario
tired decaído
tired desganado
tired listo
penniless arruinado
penniless bruja
party carrete
party convivencia
policeman yuta
plainclothes-man oreja
prison chirona
prison penitenciaría
prison talego
beer amarga
beer chela
beer pinta
beer shop
drug estupefaciente
drug marihuana
drug papelinas
storm chaparrón
horns cachos
contact gorrear
contact patas
trouble cabreo
trouble movida
trouble tema
trouble vaina
beating correazo
beating piña
baby bebito
baby chichí
baby criaturita
drunken curado
drunken pasado
drunken pedo
beat noquear
thin canijo
thin delgadito
thin esqueleto
thin lombriz
thin seco
thin tirillas
fat ballena
fat guatón
fat rechoncho
fat tanque
fat timbón
tall álamo
tall girafa
short chiquito
short escupidita
short pirinola
charming atractiva
charming bonita
charming buena
charming cañón
charming cueraso
charming encantadora
charming encanto
charming guapa
charming linda
charming mango
charming mina
attractive bellísimo
attractive elegante
bad-smelling adán
bad-smelling asqueroso
bad-smelling chancho
bad-smelling fetido
bad-smelling podrido
bad-smelling puerco
bad-smelling shuco
head chape
head cráneo
head sabiola
feet patotas
feet pies
feet pinreles
competent acertado
competent capo
competent cuidadoso
competent inteligente
competent preparado
fool ahuevonado
fool chorlito
fool gilí
fool guiso
fool imbécil
fool inepto
fool infeliz
fool inútil
fool lelo
fool lila
fool mamerto
fool paparulo
fool pingo
fool salame
fool salamín
fool torpe
fool zanahoria
fool zapallo
stranger foráneo
stranger forastero
stranger porteño
coarseness babosada
coarseness tarugada
foolishness babosería
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness majadería
foolishness mentecatez
foolishness necedad
foolishness tontera
spaniard gallego
spaniard hispano
informer cahuinero
informer chiva
informer informante
informer sapo
flatterer baboso
flatterer barbero
flatterer chicharrón
flatterer lambón
fluke chamba
fluke chiripazo
fluke lechuo
rich millonario
rich ricachón
boring antipático
boring cargante
boring jodido
boring odioso
boring pelmazo
lazy atorrante
lazy ocioso
poor miserable
poor sogüé
hello Hello.
hello Bueno.
hell! Chucha.
hell! pucha.
hell! puta.
hell! Puta.
annoying dura
annoying injusta
annoying molesto
tremendous estrella
tremendous filtro
tremendous genial
tremendous tremendo
great! ¡Bien!
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Increíble!
great! ¡Joya!
great! ¡Vaya!
apparently aparentemente
apparently dizque
apparently posiblemente
apparently seguro
apparently supuestamente
sewer alcantarilla
sewer drenaje
stretcher burros
handle oreja
pretty linda
pretty maja
pretty rica
uproar algazara
uproar barullo
uproar fiesta
uproar follón
uproar gritería
uproar ruido
uproar tumulto
cord cabuya
cord cordel
cord mecate
cord pita
thread enhebrar
thread meter
angry cabreado
fuck acostarse
fuck chichar
fuck coger
fuck enrollarse
fuck joder
fuck tirar
talkative cotorra
talkative pesado
obscene degenerado
obscene obsceno
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercadería
merchandise mercancía
knock-kneed cazcorvo
knock-kneed chihuaco
knock-kneed chueco
knock-kneed corneto
skin cuero
skin forro
presentiment sentimiento
presentiment sospecha
resin resina
quarrel agarrón
quarrel altercado
quarrel disputa
quarrel fajazón
quarrel pleito
quarrel problema
delay demorar
delay dilatar
delay retrasar
unfortunate demalas
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate infeliz
unfortunate salado
spoiled consentido
spoiled regalón
aperitif copetín
bar cervecería
broadcast televisar
broadcast transmitir
camper campista
chalet quinta
coffin ataúd
coffin cajón
cook hervir
crane guinche
interim intermedio
interim intervalo
interview entrevistar
jogging footing
jogging trotar
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
obstinate obstinado
right! ¡Justamente!
scratch arañón
scratch aruñazo
scratch aruñetazo
steal mangar
thaw descongelar
thaw deshielar
thief afanador
thief choro
thief chorro
bother fastidiar
bother joder
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echarlo
oppose contradercirle
spy espiar
wink guiñar
junk calaches
drizzle calabobos
pseudo-rifined cursi
pseudo-rifined naco
pseudo-rifined ordinario
pseudo-rifined recargado
sad achicopalado
sad atontado
sad decaído
sad estiesado
sad triste
sleep adormecerse
sleep pescar
vulture gallinazo
vulture zamuro
football futbol
fullback central
fullback trasero
fullback zaquero
goalkeeper portero
