jacket saco
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camiseta
sweater suéter
windbreaker chamarra
windbreaker chumpa
overalls overol
poncho poncho
overcoat abrigo
overcoat sobretodo
shawl chal
shawl rebozo
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
ribbon cinta
ribbon diadema
hood capucha
earrings aretes
earrings aritos
ring anillo
cufflinks gemelos
cufflinks mancuernillas
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetines
slippers chanclas
slippers chancletas
slippers pantuflas
slippers sandalias
heel tacón
underskirt fustán
petticoart combinación
panties blúmer
panties calzones
brassiere brassiere
zipper bragueta
zipper zíper
clasp broche
clasp remache
glasses anteojos
glasses gafas
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
swimsuit calzoneta
folder carpeta
folder cartapacio
folder folder
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
suitcase valija
handbag cartera
rucksack mochila
dishwasher lavaplatos
cupboard alacena
cupboard pantri
faucet chorro
faucet llave
sink lavadero
sink lavaplatos
sink lavatrastes
cooker cocina
refrigerator refri
refrigerator refrigerador
refrigerator refrigeradora
pot cacerola
pot olla
dishcloth paño
straw pajilla
coaster portavasos
croissant cachito
croissant cacho
roll bollo
tart tarta
sandwich sándwich
popcorn palomitas
popcorn pocorn
scales báscula
bucket balde
teat biberón
lighter encendedor
earphones audífonos
earphones auriculares
baffle altoparlantes
baffle bafles
baffle bocinas
baffle parlantes
baffle speakers
switch interruptor
switch switch
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
blanket cobija
blanket frazada
bedspread cubrecama
hanger gancho
washbasin lavamanos
tank tanque
bowl excusado
bowl inodoro
shower ducha
shower regadera
rose regadera
bathtub bañera
bathtub tina
dryer pistola
dryer secador
dryer secadora
landing descanso
bulb foco
stool banco
stool taburete
glass vidrio
match cerillo
match fósforo
peg chuchito
peephole mirilla
doorknob manija
doorknob perilla
doorknob picaporte
deckchair perezosa
deckchair playera
car carro
fender bomper
headlight faros
headlight luces
headlight silbines
windsreen parabrisas
hood capó
hood capota
winker vías
lock chapa
trunk baúl
fender guardafangos
fender lodera
tire llanta
wheel llanta
van furgoneta
van panel
van camioneta
van camionetita
jeep jeep
jeep todoterreno
trailer camper
bulldozer buldózer
bus autobús
bus bus
bus camioneta
bus interdepartamental
handlebar manubrio
handlebar timón
silencer escape
exhaust escape
minibus buseta
minibus coaster
minibus microbús
scooter motoneta
scooter vespa
platform andén
rail carriles
rail rieles
tie durmientes
sidewalk acera
sidewalk andén
reception lobby
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
stewardess azafata
bill boleto
bill pasaje
bill ticket
bill tiquete
elevator elevador
pen bolígrafo
pen lapicero
pen pluma
stapler engrapadora
staple grampas
staple grapas
blackboard pizarra
blackboard pizarrón
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computadora
stamp estampilla
handle mango
slingshot honda
slingshot hondilla
scooter monopatín
scooter patineta
kite pizcucha
boat bote
boat lancha
lawn césped
lawn grama
slide tobogán
bench banca
bench banco
poster afiche
poster anuncio
poster cartel
poster poster
poster rótulo
jukebox cinquera
jukebox rocola
harmonica armónica
harmonica dulzaina
pancake panqueque
pit pepita
pit semilla
demijohn garrafa
demijohn garrafón
cap corcholata
can lata
colander colador
ladle cucharón
drainboard colador
turner batidor
turner espátula
stool banquito
smock mameluco
fringe flecos
skipping saltacuerdas
air-bag airbag
road autopista
fans aficionados
sting aguijón
apricot albaricoque
food alimento
raising subida
brook regato
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
bar bar
bar cafetería
puff calada
puff jalón
waiter camarero
switchboard centralita
pig cerdo
resignation dimisión
cooking cocción
cooking cocinar
avarice avaricia
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
anger rabia
cost costo
crossing cruce
slope cuesta
bay cala
amusement diversión
school colegio
stay estancia
miss fallo
financier financiero
bangs flequillo
plumber fontanero
stranger extranjero
stranger forastero
form formulario
rubber caucho
hunger hambre
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty lindo
beauty lindura
grass hierba
iron hierro
concrete hormigón
hospital hospital
graduate licenciado
degree licenciatura
discount rebaja
discount saldo
call llamada
arrival llegada
whip látigo
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds maleza
spring manantial
butter mantequilla
block manzana
cheek mejillas
peach melocotón
monkey mono
mosquito mosquito
jackknife navaja
worker obrero
chance oportunidad
unemployment paro
potato patata
sponsor patrocinador
toll peaje
laziness pereza
apartment piso
banana plátano
policeman agente
policeman guardia
policeman policía
dust polvareda
spokesman portavoz
grade puntuación
kerosene querosene
kerosene queroseno
pickpocket ladronzuelo
pickpocket ratero
raid redada
relation relación
repairing reparación
slip deslizón
slip resbalón
rumor rumor
highlander serrano
hissing silbido
position situación
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery soborno
change suelto
tidbits tapa
earthquake sismo
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store tienda
shooting tiroteo
courage coraje
courage valor
breeze vientecito
visa visado
glance mirada
glance vistazo
change vuelta
walk vueltecita
sharp afilado
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
before antes
approximately aproximadamente
here aquí
risky arriesgado
amazing sorprendente
astute buzo
astute despierto
bluish azulado
brilliant brillante
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious avaro
thin delgado
thin flaco
inside dentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
where ¿dónde?
angry disgustado
angry enfadado
often frecuentemente
outside fuera
greasy grasiento
grayish grisáceo
grayish plomizo
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful bonito
bony huesudo
weak débil
weak ligero
filthy mugriento
very muy
little morrito
little morro
little pequeño
dusty polvoriento
fast pronto
clear pulcro
which ¿qué
radiant radiante
radio radiofónico
recently recientemente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold gripe
cold resfriado
broken quebrado
broken roto
coarse basto
coarse bruto
coarse patán
slant torcido
annoy contrariar
annoy fregar
annoy joder
arrive llegar
break quebrar
break romper
clear chapear
clear deshierbar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
desorient despistar
desorient desubicar
dial marcar
dismiss despedir
drive conducir
drive manejar
encourage estimular
encourage incentivar
encourage mejorar
escape escapar
escape zafar
escape zafarse
gossip chismorrear
hurry apresurarse
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kill asesinar
kill matar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick chupar
light encender
light prender
matter importar
miss extrañar
overturn volcarse
pamper malcriar
pamper mimar
park estacionar
park parquear
postpone aplazar
postpone posponer
postpone retrasar
puff fumar
pull jalar
punch golpear
punch pegar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
return regresar
search registrar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake sacudir
shoot disparar
skin despellejar
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor patrocinar
throw botar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
tie atar
turn cruzar
turn doblar
turn volver
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desempacar
upset entristecer
value valorar
watch asomarse
watch mirar
whistle chiflar
whistle silbar
grind aplicado
truant irresponsable
truant vago
cheat copiar
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale sapo
tell-tale soplón
flatterer brocha
flatterer lameculo
bully bravucón
bully buscapleitos
bully matón
meek santito
meek tímido
hooligans pandilleros
repeater repitente
boss jefe
pay paga
pay salario
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired decaído
tired muerto
penniless jodido
penniless quebrado
party fiesta
party pachanga
policeman jura
policeman ley
policeman paco
policeman tombo
plainclothes-man agente
prison bote
prison cárcel
prison reclusorio
cigarette cigarrillo
cigarette cigarro
beer birra
beer birria
drug hierba]yerba
drug mota
drug piedra
storm aguacero
storm temporal
horns cuernos
trouble vaina
beating paliza
beating tunda
baby bebé
drunken borracho
beat apalear
beat aporrear
beat golpear
beat sopapear
thin flacucho
fat chancho
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat rechoncho
short bajito
short chaparrito
charming cuerazo
charming muñeca
attractive guapo
attractive papacito
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling chuco
bad-smelling hediondo
hair greña
hair mechas
hair pelo
feet patas
pregnant embarazada
pregnant panzona
competent competente
competent inteligente
fool asno
fool bruto
fool burro
fool dundo
fool estúpido
fool idiota
fool imbécil
fool inepto
fool tonto
fool zonzo
fool zopenco
fool zoquete
stranger foráneo
coarseness babosada
coarseness grosería
foolishness babosada
foolishness estupidez
foolishness idiotez
foolishness tontera
informer acusetas
informer chismoso
informer sapo
informer soplón
flatterer adulador
fluke chepa
fluke chiripa
fluke chiripazo
fluke chiripón
fluke leche
fluke suerte
rich millonario
rich platudo
rich rico
boring insoportable
boring pesado
lazy perezoso
lazy vago
poor acabado
poor pobre
hello Aló.
hell! púchica
bye Adiós.
annoying fregado
annoying molesto
tremendous bárbaro
apparently dizque
sewer alcantarilla
handle oreja
pretty bonita
pretty hermosa
pretty linda
uproar bulla
lock cerradura
cord cuerda
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
angry bravo
angry enojado
angry molesto
expel despedir
expel echar
expel expulsar
fuck coger
talkative hablador
talkative hablantín
obscene degenerado
obscene obsceno
merchandise mercadería
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment presentimiento
resin resina
quarrel pelea
delay demorar
delay tardar
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate desgraciado
unfortunate salado
spoiled consentido
spoiled mimado
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast transmitir
camper campista
chalet quinta
coffin ataúd
coffin caja
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging aerobismo
jogging correr
jogging trotar
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
landlady sirvienta
obstinate cabezón
obstinate necio
obstinate obstinado
obstinate testarudo
peanut maní
right! ¡Correcto!
scratch aruñazo
scratch aruñón
steal huevear
steal robar
sweetener endulzante
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
thief ratero
thief tamal
bother chingar
bother fastidiar
bother fregar
bother joder
bribe comprar
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss cesar
dismiss correrlo
dismiss despedirle
dismiss echar
dismiss echarlo
exaggerate exagerar
soft-soap lambisconear
spy espiar
wink guiñar
junk tiliches
pseudo-rifined chabacán
pseudo-rifined ordinario
vulture zope
football futbol
