jacket chaqueta
jacket gabán
jacket saco
cardigan abrigo
cardigan cárdigan
cardigan suéter
t-shirt camisa
t-shirt camiseta
t-shirt franela
t-shirt playera
t-shirt polo
t-shirt poloshirt
t-shirt t-shirt
sweater abrigo
sweater jersey
sweater pulóver
sweater sudadera
sweater suéter
windbreaker abrigo
windbreaker chaqueta
windbreaker jacket
overalls mameluco
overalls mono
overalls overol
overalls yonsú
poncho poncho
jeans jeans
jeans mahón
jeans mahones
overcoat abrigo
shawl bufanda
shawl chal
shawl estola
shawl pañoleta
shawl pañuelo
shawl pashmina
pajamas payama
pajamas pijama
pajamas piyama
skirt falda
skirt saya
ribbon banda
ribbon cinta
ribbon diadema
hood capa
hood capucha
hood gorro
earrings aretes
earrings pantallas
earrings pendientes
hairnet redecilla
ring alianza
ring anillo
ring aro
ring sortija
cufflinks broches
cufflinks gemelos
cufflinks yuntas
mascara máscara
mascara rímel
suspenders tirantes
socks calcetines
socks medias
slippers chanclas
slippers chancletas
slippers chinelas
slippers pantuflas
slippers sandalias
slippers zapatillas
heel taco
heel tacón
underskirt enagua
underskirt enaguas
panties pantaleta
panties panti
brassiere brasiel
brassiere brassiere
brassiere sostén
zipper cremallera
zipper zíper
clasp botón
clasp broche
glasses anteojos
glasses espejuelos
glasses gafas
glasses lentes
shorts bóxer
shorts calzoncillo
shorts jokey
shorts pantaloncillo
folder carpeta
folder cartapacio
folder folder
folder portafolios
valise maletín
valise portafolios
bag bolsa
bag bolso
bag bulto
bag cartera
bag maletín
suitcase maleta
handbag bolso
handbag cartera
rucksack backpack
rucksack bulto
rucksack mochila
dishwasher friegaplatos
dishwasher lavaplatos
cupboard alacena
cupboard estante
cupboard gabinete
cupboard pantre
faucet grifo
faucet llave
faucet pluma
sink fregadero
cooker cocina
cooker estufa
cooker fogón
cooker hornilla
refrigerator frigorífico
refrigerator nevera
refrigerator refrigerador
pot cacerola
pot caldero
pot cazo
pot olla
dishcloth bayeta
dishcloth handiwipe
dishcloth paño
dishcloth toalla
dishcloth trapo
straw pajita
straw sorbete
straw sorbeto
coaster coaster
coaster platillo
coaster platito
coaster plato
coaster portavasos
croissant croissant
roll bolillo
roll bollito
roll bollo
roll pancito
roll panecillo
tart bizcocho
tart cake
sandwich bocadillo
sandwich emparedado
sandwich medianoche
sandwich sándwich
popcorn palomitas
popcorn pocorn
scales balanza
scales pesa
bucket balde
bucket cubeta
bucket cubo
teat chupete
teat chupón
teat mamadera
teat tetera
lighter encendedor
lighter lighter
earphones audífonos
earphones auriculares
earphones headphones
baffle altavoces
baffle altoparlantes
baffle bocinas
baffle speakers
switch interruptor
switch switch
radio radio
bedroom cuarto
bedroom dormitorio
bedroom habitación
chandelier lámpara
chandelier lamparita
blanket frazada
blanket frisa
blanket manta
bedspread colcha
bedspread edredón
hanger gancho
hanger percha
washbasin lavamanos
tank tanque
bowl inodoro
bowl taza
shower baño
shower ducha
rose ducha
rose pluma
rose regadera
bathtub bañera
bathtub tina
dryer blower
dryer secador
landing descanso
bulb bombilla
stool banca
stool banqueta
stool banquito
stool silla
stool stool
stool taburete
glass cristal
glass vidrio
match cerilla
match fósforo
peg palillo
peg pinche
peephole mirador
peephole mirilla
peephole ojo
peephole visor
doorknob cerradura
doorknob perilla
doorknob tirador
stroller carrito
stroller coche
stroller cochecito
deckchair cheilón
deckchair cheslon
deckchair tumbona
wrench llave
car auto
car automóvil
car carro
fender bomper
fender parachoques
headlight faroles
headlight focos
headlight luces
windsreen cristal
windsreen parabrisa
windsreen parabrisas
hood bonete
winker direccional
winker intermitente
winker señal
lock cerradura
lock seguro
trunk baúl
trunk maletero
fender guardabarros
fender guardafangos
fender guardalodos
tire goma
tire llanta
tire rueda
wheel goma
wheel rueda
van camioneta
van furgoneta
van guagua
van guagüita
van pickup
van van
van camioncito
jeep jeep
jeep landrover
trailer camper
trailer house-trailer
trailer trailer
bulldozer buldózer
bulldozer excavadora
bulldozer puerca
bus AMA
bus autobús
bus bus
bus guagua
bus metrobús
handlebar guía
handlebar manubrio
handlebar volante
silencer mofle
silencer silenciador
exhaust escape
exhaust mofle
exhaust silenciador
minibus guagua
minibus guagüita
minibus pisicorre
minibus van
scooter moto
scooter motora
scooter motorita
scooter scooter
platform andén
platform pasillo
platform plataforma
rail carriles
rail rieles
rail vías
tie tablas
tie travesaños
sidewalk acera
reception recepción
stewardess aeromoza
stewardess azafata
stewardess stewardess
bill boleto
bill pasaje
bill ticket
elevator elevador
pen bolígrafo
pen pluma
stapler clipiadora
stapler grapadora
staple clips
staple grapas
blackboard pizarra
paperweight pisapapeles
computer computadora
computer lap
computer Mac
computer P.C.
stamp estampilla
stamp sello
handle asa
handle mango
handle manigueta
handle manivela
slingshot honda
slingshot resortera
slingshot tirador
slingshot tirapiedras
scooter escuter
scooter patín
scooter patineta
scooter teresina
tent carpa
kite chiringa
kite cometa
boat bote
boat lancha
boat yola
lawn césped
lawn grama
lawn hierba
lawn pasto
lawn yerba
slide chorrera
bench banco
bench banquito
poster afiche
poster cartel
poster cartelón
poster poster
poster rótulo
jukebox tocadiscos
harmonica armónica
harmonica sinfonía
pancake crepa
pancake pancake
pit pepa
pit pepita
pit semilla
packet empaque
packet pack
packet paquete
demijohn botella
demijohn botellón
demijohn galón
cap corcho
cap tapa
cap tapita
cap tapón
can botella
can lata
colander colador
ladle cucharón
drainboard cernidor
drainboard cernidora
drainboard colador
turner espátula
mixer batidora
filter filtro
filter purificador
knifegrinder afilador
knifegrinder amolador
knifegrinder lima
tray azafate
tray bandeja
cupboard chinero
cupboard despensa
cupboard mueble
dishcloth trapito
playpen baranda
playpen barandilla
playpen corral
berth litera
basket canasta
basket canasto
basket cesta
clasp abrazadera
clasp agarradera
clasp prensa
clasp presilla
washer lavadora
washer lavarropa
bobin bobina
bobin carrete
bobin carretel
needle agujas
needle agujetas
cushion almohada
cushion almohadón
cushion cojín
stool escalera
stool escalerita
q-tips palillo
q-tips q-tip
plaster curita
sling banda
sling cabestrillo
sling soporte
attic altillo
attic ático
attic azotea
attic desván
lock aldaba
lock cerrojo
lock pasador
lock pestillo
lock tranca
toothbrush cepillo
wardrobe armario
wardrobe closet
wardrobe guardarropas
wardrobe ropero
bidet bidé
raincoat capa
raincoat impermeable
bolero bolerito
bolero bolero
bolero chaleco
bolero chalequito
bolero chaqueta
bolero chaquetita
bolero torera
bolero torerita
sportshirt camisa
sportshirt pollover
sportshirt polo
smock camisilla
smock camisita
smock cota
smock suetercito
fringe flecos
fringe flequillos
mitten guantes
mitten mitones
pochette cartera
pochette cartuchera
pochette monedero
cuff doblez
sandal chanclas
sandal chancletas
sandal chinelas
sandal pantuflas
sandal sandalias
sandal sayonaras
studs chimpunes
studs clavos
studs ganchos
studs spike
shorts boxer
shorts boxers
shorts calzoncillos
shorts jockey
shorts pantaloncillos
apron delantal
lipstick lipstick
lipstick pintalabio
lipstick pintalabios
rollers rolos
chalk tiza
diary agenda
diary carpeta
block agenda
block cuaderno
block libreta
pad libreta
checkbook cheque
checkbook chequera
photocopier fotocopiadora
swing columpio
marbles bolines
marbles bolitas
marbles canicas
leapfrog burrito
dart dardo
hoop aro
hoop hula-hoop
hoop hula-hula
skipping cuica
skateboard patineta
skateboard skateboard
megaphone altoparlante
megaphone megafonía
pinwheel abanico
pinwheel buscaviento
pinwheel molinillo
pinwheel molinito
pinwheel veleta
parachute paracaídas
frisbee frisbee
boxing boxeo
goal portería
merry-go-round caballitos
merry-go-round carricoche
merry-go-round carrusel
merry-go-round machina
merry-go-round tiovivo
binoculars anteojos
binoculars binocular
convertible convertible
convertible decapotable
convertible descapotable
air-bag airbag
road autopista
road avenida
road carretera
saddle asiento
saddle sillín
bar bar
bar barra
bar cafetería
bar cantina
bar counter
bar mostrador
can barril
can dron
can latón
can pipote
can tanque
dam dique
dam embalse
dam represa
loudspeaker altavoz
loudspeaker altoparlante
loudspeaker amplificador
loudspeaker megáfono
horn bocina
horn claxon
toilet baño
toilet servicio
bootblack limpiabotas
janitor barrendera
janitor barrendero
janitor conserje
janitor empleada
janitor sirvienta
directory guía
bankbook chequera
bankbook chequero
bankbook libreta
spray aerosol
spray atomizador
spray spray
rotary cruce
rotary plazoleta
rotary redondel
rotary rotonda
toothpaste pasta
loudspeaker bocina
blind blind
blind persiana
blind veneciana
awning cortina
awning toldo
tripod tripié
tripod trípode
battery baterías
battery pilas
pushcart carrito
wedge calzador
wedge calzo
wedge cuña
check-room casillero
check-room locker
drain alcantarilla
drain cantarilla
drain registro
carrycot cargador
carrycot mochila
number identificación
number número
strecher camilla
fans aficionados
fans fanaticada
fans fanáticos
fans seguidores
sting aguijón
sting ponzoña
apricot albaricoque
food alimento
food comestible
raising alzamiento
raising subida
brook arroyo
brook arroyuelo
brook quebrada
brook riachuelo
murderer asesino
be be
slap bofetada
slap bofetón
slap cachetada
slap galleta
slap sopapo
slap tortazo
bar café
bar cafetín
bar comedor
bar snack
puff chupada
puff fumada
puff jalada
puff jaladas
puff pitada
waiter camarero
waiter mesero
waiter mozo
pig cerdo
pig chancho
pig lechón
pig puerco
resignation dimisión
resignation renuncia
cooking cocción
cooking cocida
cooking cocinada
cooking cocinar
cooking hervida
avarice ambición
avarice avaricia
avarice codicia
shell caparazón
shell caracol
shell carapacho
shell concha
chat charla
chat conversación
chat lata
chat palique
chat plática
anger cólera
anger coraje
anger ira
anger rabia
cost costo
cost gasto
cost inversión
crossing cruce
slope cerro
slope cuesta
slope ladera
slope loma
slope pendiente
bay bahía
bay caleta
bay ensenada
amusement distracción
amusement diversión
amusement entretenimiento
amusement pasatiempo
school colegio
school escuela
stay estadía
stay estancia
stay residencia
miss equivocación
miss error
miss falla
miss fallo
miss falta
financier administrador
financier asesor
financier consultor
financier contador
financier financiero
financier financista
bangs cerquillo
bangs flequillo
bangs pollina
plumber fontanero
plumber plomero
stranger extranjero
stranger extraño
stranger forastero
stranger turista
form formulario
form solicitud
rubber caucho
rubber goma
rubber resina
rubber savia
hunger hambre
hunger hambruna
beauty belleza
beauty bonito
beauty hermosura
beauty lindo
grass césped
grass grama
grass hierba
grass pasto
grass yerba
iron hierro
concrete cemento
concrete concreto
concrete hormigón
hospital hospital
graduate egresado
graduate graduado
graduate licenciado
degree bachillerato
degree diploma
degree doctorado
degree grado
degree licenciatura
degree maestría
degree título
discount descuento
discount especial
discount liquidación
discount rebaja
discount remate
call llamada
arrival llegada
whip correa
whip fuete
whip látigo
whip vara
teacher educador
teacher maestro
teacher profesor
weeds maleza
weeds matorral
spring manantial
butter mantequilla
butter margarina
block bloque
block cuadra
block manzana
cheek cachetes
cheek mejillas
cheek pómulos
peach durazno
peach melocotón
monkey chango
monkey chimpancé
monkey mono
monkey simio
mosquito mosquito
mosquito zancudo
jackknife cuchilla
jackknife navaja
worker jornalero
worker obrero
chance chance
chance oportunidad
unemployment desempleo
seafront malecón
seafront orilla
seafront paseo
seafront rambla
potato papa
sponsor auspiciador
sponsor patrocinador
sponsor promotor
toll peaje
laziness flojera
laziness pereza
laziness vagancia
apartment apartamento
apartment condominio
banana banana
banana guineo
policeman guardia
policeman policía
dust polvareda
dust polvero
dust polvorín
spokesman delegado
spokesman portavoz
spokesman representante
spokesman vocero
grade calificación
grade nota
grade puntaje
grade puntuación
kerosene gas
kerosene querosén
pickpocket carterista
pickpocket ladrón
pickpocket pillo
pickpocket ratero
raid allanamiento
raid operación
raid operativo
raid redada
relation incumbencia
relation participación
relation relación
repairing arreglo
repairing reparación
slip patinazo
slip resbalón
slip tropezón
rumor chisme
rumor habladuría
rumor rumor
highlander serrano
hissing pitar
hissing pitido
hissing silbido
position localización
position orientación
position posición
position ubicación
arrogance altanería
arrogance arrogancia
arrogance pedantería
arrogance prepotencia
arrogance soberbia
bribery chanchullo
bribery corrupción
bribery fraude
bribery soborno
change cambio
change menudo
bar pub
tidbits aperitivo
tidbits bocadillo
tidbits canapés
tidbits entremés
tidbits picadera
tidbits piscolabis
tidbits tapa
tidbits tapita
tidbits tentempié
earthquake sismo
earthquake temblor
earthquake terremoto
store almacén
store comercio
store negocio
store tienda
shooting balacera
shooting ráfaga
shooting tiros
shooting tiroteo
courage coraje
courage huevos
courage valentía
courage valor
breeze brisa
breeze vientecito
breeze vientito
visa visa
visa visado
glance mirada
glance ojeada
glance vistazo
change vuelta
walk vueltecita
walk vueltita
sharp afilado
sharp filoso
bitter amargo
yellowish amarillento
yellowish amarilloso
before antes
before enantes
approximately aproximadamente
approximately casi
approximately como
here acá
here aquí
risky arriesgado
risky peligroso
risky riesgoso
amazing asombroso
amazing sorprendente
astute aguzado
astute alerta
astute astuto
astute atento
astute avispado
astute despierto
astute listo
astute vivo
bluish azulado
bluish azuloso
brilliant brillante
avaricious ambicioso
avaricious avaricioso
avaricious avaro
avaricious codicioso
against renuente
thin delgado
thin escuálido
thin flaco
inside adentro
inside dentro
difficult complicado
difficult difícil
where ¿adónde?
where ¿dónde?
angry bravo
angry disgustado
angry encabronado
angry enfadado
angry enojado
angry furioso
angry histérico
angry molesto
often frecuentemente
often regularmente
often seguido
outside afuera
greasy engrasado
greasy grasiento
greasy grasoso
grayish gris
grayish grisáceo
skillfull bueno
skillfull diestro
skillfull hábil
skillfull habilidoso
beautiful agradable
beautiful bello
beautiful bonito
beautiful chulo
beautiful espléndido
beautiful hermoso
beautiful lindo
beautiful precioso
bony huesudo
weak ligero
weak liviano
filthy mugriento
filthy mugroso
very bastante
very bien
very muy
little chico
little chiquito
little joven
little nene
little niño
little pequeño
standing parado
dusty empolvado
dusty polvoriento
dusty sucio
perhaps quizá
perhaps quizás
fast ligero
fast pronto
fast rápido
next entrante
clear acicalado
clear arregladito
clear arreglado
clear aseado
clear impecable
clear limpio
clear nítido
clear pulcro
which ¿cuál?
which ¿qué
radiant radiante
radio radial
recently recientemente
recently últimamente
comforting reconfortante
cold catarro
cold gripe
cold resfriado
broken roto
coarse áspero
coarse bruto
coarse grosero
coarse ordinario
coarse patán
coarse rudo
coarse tosco
coarse violento
slant chueco
slant inclinado
slant ladeado
slant torcido
slant virado
annoy fastidiar
annoy incordiar
annoy joder
annoy jorobar
arrive llegar
break destrozar
break estrellar
break romper
clear deshierbar
clear desyerbar
clear podar
desorient burlar
desorient confundir
desorient desorientar
desorient despistar
desorient desubicar
desorient engañar
dismiss botar
dismiss cesantear
dismiss cesar
dismiss despedir
dismiss destituir
dismiss sacar
dismiss suspender
drench enchumbado
drench ensopado
drench mojado
drive conducir
drive guiar
drive manejar
encourage estimular
encourage incentivar
encourage mejorar
encourage motivado
escape deshacerse
escape escapar
escape escaparse
escape liberarse
escape librarse
escape soltarse
escape zafar
escape zafarse
fill arreglar
fill empastar
fill rellenar
gossip bochinchar
gossip bochinchear
gossip chismear
gossip chismorrear
gossip chismosear
gossip murmurar
hurry apurarse
impress impactar
impress impresionar
kidnap raptar
kill asesinar
kill liquidar
kill matar
kill ultimar
kneel arrodillarse
kneel hincarse
lick lamber
lick lamer
light encender
light prender
miss extrañar
overturn volcar
overturn volcarse
overturn voltearse
pamper alcahuetear
pamper añoñar
pamper consentir
pamper engreír
pamper malcriar
pamper mimar
park estacionar
park parquear
postpone aplazar
postpone atrasar
postpone posponer
postpone postergar
postpone retrasar
puff absorber
puff aspirar
puff chupar
puff fumar
puff inhalar
puff jalar
pull halar
pull jalar
pull tirar
punch golpear
punch pegar
punch sonar
repair arreglar
repair reparar
require requerir
return regresar
search buscar
search examinar
search indagar
search inspeccionar
search investigar
search rastrear
search registrar
search revisar
seem suponer
shake agitar
shake jamaquear
shake mover
shake sacudir
shake zarandear
shoot balear
shoot disparar
shoot tirotear
skin descuerar
skin despellejar
skin pelar
sponsor auspiciar
sponsor patrocinar
throw lanzar
throw tirar
tie amarrar
trick confundir
trick timar
trick vacilar
turn coger
turn doblar
turn virar
turn girar
turn voltear
turn volver
undress desnudarse
undress desvestirse
unpack desempacar
unpack desempaquetar
upset apenar
upset disgustar
upset entristecer
value cotizar
value tasar
value valorar
watch asomarse
watch mirar
whistle pitar
whistle silbar
grind aplicado
grind comelibros
grind dedicado
grind estofón
grind estudioso
grind nerd
grind nerdo
truant faltador
truant faltón
truant irresponsable
cheat copiar
tell-tale bocón
tell-tale chismoso
tell-tale chivato
tell-tale chota
tell-tale soplón
flatterer alcahuete
flatterer lambeojo
flatterer lameculos
flatterer lameojos
bully abusador
bully agresivo
bully bravucón
bully buscabullas
bully buscapleito
bully buscapleitos
bully buscón
bully fanfarrón
bully peleón
meek aislado
meek introvertido
meek reservado
meek retraído
meek santito
meek serio
meek solitario
meek tímido
hooligans delincuentes
hooligans gamberros
hooligans maleantes
hooligans pandilleros
repeater bruto
repeater burro
repeater colgado
boss jefe
pay paga
pay salario
tired acabado
tired agotado
tired cansado
tired fundido
tired jodido
tired muerto
tired reventado
penniless arrancado
penniless arruinado
penniless pelado
penniless quebrado
party fiesta
party juerga
party pachanga
party party
party rumba
party tertulia
policeman azul
plainclothes-man agente
plainclothes-man detective
plainclothes-man encubierto
prison cárcel
prison penitenciaría
prison prisión
cigarette cigarrillo
beer birra
beer cervecita
beer fría
drug droga
drug hierba]yerba
drug marihuana
storm aguacero
storm diluvio
storm lluvia
storm temporal
storm tormenta
horns cuernos
contact conexiones
contact contacto
contact enchufe
contact favoritismo
contact padrino
contact pala
contact palanca
contact recomendaciones
contact referencias
trouble enojo
trouble lío
trouble molestia
trouble problema
trouble vaina
beating bofetada
beating golpe
beating golpiza
beating paliza
beating pela
beating pescozón
beating puñetazo
beating salsa
beating sopapo
beating tortazo
beating trompada
beating tunda
baby bebé
baby bebecita
baby bebecito
baby bebita
baby bebito
baby nene
drunken ajumao
drunken alegre
drunken bebido
drunken borracho
drunken ebrio
beat dar
beat golpear
beat noquear
beat pegar
thin delgadito
thin esquelético
thin flacucho
fat ballena
fat barrigón
fat gordiflón
fat gordinflón
fat gordo
fat obeso
fat panzón
fat rechoncho
fat vaca
tall alto
tall enorme
tall espigado
tall gigante
tall grandulón
tall largo
tall poste
short bajito
short bajo
short chiquitito
short chiquito
short enano
short pequeño
short tapón
charming atractiva
charming bonita
charming buenísima
charming divina
charming encantadora
charming guapa
charming linda
charming muñeca
charming preciosura
charming rica
charming sexi
attractive apuesto
attractive atractivo
attractive buenísimo
attractive elegante
attractive guapísimo
attractive guapo
attractive precioso
bad-smelling apestoso
bad-smelling cerdo
bad-smelling cochino
bad-smelling hediondo
bad-smelling puerco
head azotea
head cabeza
head chola
head coco
head cogote
head shola
hair cabello
hair greña
hair melena
hair pelo
feet patas
feet patitas
feet pezuñas
feet pies
pregnant embarazada
pregnant encinta
pregnant esperando
pregnant preñada
competent acertado
competent atinado
competent competente
competent inteligente
competent listo
competent preparado
competent sabelotodo
competent sabihondo
competent sabio
fool animal
fool asno
fool batata
fool bestia
fool bobo
fool bobolón
fool bruto
fool burro
fool estúpido
fool idiota
fool ignorante
fool imbécil
fool incompetente
fool inculto
fool inepto
fool inútil
fool lento
fool lerdo
fool limitado
fool menso
fool necio
fool pajuato
fool pendejo
stranger foráneo
coarseness grosería
foolishness babosería
foolishness bobada
foolishness bobería
foolishness burrada
foolishness disparate
foolishness estupidez
foolishness idiotada
foolishness idiotez
foolishness imbecilidad
foolishness necedad
foolishness pendejada
foolishness sandez
foolishness tontería
spaniard gallego
spaniard hispano
informer bocón
informer chismoso
informer chivato
informer chota
informer delator
informer espía
informer informante
informer soplón
informer traidor
flatterer adulador
flatterer baboso
flatterer lambeojos
flatterer lambiscón
flatterer lambón
flatterer salamero
fluke carambola
fluke casualidad
fluke chamba
fluke chiripa
fluke leche
fluke milagro
fluke misericordia
fluke suerte
rich adinerado
rich millonario
rich multimillonario
rich ricachón
rich rico
rich riquillo
boring aburrido
boring antipático
boring coñazo
boring desagradable
boring fastidioso
boring inaguantable
boring inmamable
boring insoportable
boring ladilla
boring odioso
boring pesado
boring terrible
lazy flojo
lazy holgazán
lazy perezoso
lazy vago
lazy vagoneta
poor arrancado
poor miserable
poor pelado
poor pobre
poor pobrecito
hello Hola.
hello ¿Aló?
hello ¿Hola?
hello Buenas.
hello Hello.
hell! ¡Coño!
hell! Ay.
hell! Carajo.
hell! Caramba.
hell! Puñeta.
bye Adiós.
bye Chao.
bye Chequeamos.
annoying absurda
annoying cabrona
annoying complicada
annoying difícil
annoying dura
annoying injusta
annoying molesto
annoying perra
annoying terrible
tremendous admirable
tremendous bárbaro
tremendous brillante
tremendous buenísimo
tremendous estupendo
tremendous excelente
tremendous extraordinario
tremendous fabuloso
tremendous fantástico
tremendous fenomenal
tremendous fenómeno
tremendous genial
tremendous impresionante
tremendous increíble
tremendous maravilloso
tremendous sobresaliente
tremendous súper
tremendous tremendo
great! ¡Chévere!
great! ¡Espectacular!
great! ¡Estupendo!
great! ¡Excelente!
great! ¡Fabuloso!
great! ¡Fenomenal!
great! ¡Fenómeno!
great! ¡Genial!
great! ¡Increíble!
great! ¡Magnífico!
great! ¡Maravilloso!
great! ¡Nítido!
great! ¡Súper!
great! ¡Yupi!
apparently aparentemente
apparently dicen
apparently dizque
apparently posiblemente
apparently seguramente
apparently supuestamente
feverish acalentado
feverish ardiendo
feverish caliente
feverish febril
feverish hirviendo
sewer alcantarilla
sewer alcantarillado
sewer canal
sewer caño
sewer cloaca
sewer drenaje
sewer tubería
stretcher andamios
stretcher andas
stretcher angarillas
stretcher camillas
stretcher carretillas
handle agarradera
handle oreja
pretty atractiva
pretty bella
pretty bonita
pretty hermosa
pretty linda
pretty preciosa
pretty rica
uproar alboroto
uproar algarabía
uproar algazara
uproar ballú
uproar barullo
uproar bulla
uproar bullicio
uproar desorden
uproar escándalo
uproar jaleo
uproar joda
uproar relajo
uproar vacilón
lock candado
cord cabuya
cord cinta
cord cordel
cord cordón
cord cuerda
cord soga
cord soguita
ahead alante
ahead delante
thread enhebrar
thread ensartar
thread meter
angry caliente
angry colérico
angry irritado
expel botar
expel cesantear
expel despedir
expel echar
expel expulsar
expel sacar
fuck acostarse
fuck chichar
fuck chingar
fuck fornicar
talkative bocón
talkative conversador
talkative cotorra
talkative cotorro
talkative hablador
talkative labioso
talkative parlanchín
talkative perico
obscene degenerado
obscene indecente
obscene inmoral
obscene obsceno
obscene porno
obscene pornográfico
merchandise artículo
merchandise mercancía
merchandise producto
knock-kneed patizambo
knock-kneed zambo
skin piel
presentiment corazonada
presentiment impresión
presentiment presentimiento
presentiment sensación
presentiment sentimiento
presentiment sospecha
resin brea
resin resina
quarrel altercado
quarrel bronca
quarrel desavenencia
quarrel discusión
quarrel disputa
quarrel encontronazo
quarrel enfrentamiento
quarrel pelea
quarrel trifulca
delay atrasar
delay demorar
delay retrasar
delay tardar
unfortunate desafortunado
unfortunate desdichado
unfortunate desgraciado
unfortunate infeliz
unfortunate salado
spoiled amamantado
spoiled consentido
spoiled engreído
spoiled malcriado
spoiled mimado
spoiled protegido
spoiled sobreprotegido
aperitif aperitivo
broadcast televisar
broadcast transmitir
camper acampante
camper campista
chalet chalet
coffin ataúd
coffin caja
cook cocinar
cook hervir
crane grúa
interim intermedio
interview entrevistar
jogging correr
jogging jogging
landlady empleada
landlady muchacha
landlady sirvienta
obstinate cabeciduro
obstinate cabezón
peanut maní
right! ¡Correcto!
right! ¡Exacto!
scratch arañazo
steal robar
sweetener endulzante
sweetener esplenda
sweetener splenda
thaw descongelar
thief ladrón
thief pillo
bother joder
die fallecer
die morirse
dismiss despedirle
exaggerate exagerar
spy espiar
wink guiñar
fight pelear
junk cacharros
junk cachivaches
drizzle llovizna
pseudo-rifined chabacano
pseudo-rifined cursi
sad deprimido
sad triste
sleep cabecear
sleep dormirse
sleep dormitar
vulture buitre
vulture guaraguao
vulture zopilote
football balompié
football fútbol
forward delantero
fullback defensa
fullback zaquero
goalkeeper portero
cheeks cachetes
cheeks mejillas
cheeks pómulos
